":"[Mary Alice] Previously on Desperate Housewives: The new neighbor... - He's cute. - He's a bachelor. ... became a hero... ... in a crisis that brought Julie and Austin together, while Carlos and Gabby broke apart. I had a career and a future, but I gave it all up for you. - And what did I get in return? - Hey! [Mary Alice] The police assembled their pieces of evidence. - Your number was written on her hand. - I can't help you. No memory, huh? That's convenient. [Mary Alice] Karen McCluskey had always believed in helping others, whether they wanted her help or not. - What's all this? - You know how you never got around to painting your garage door? Well, it's done. Hope you like blue. - Baxter. You found him. - Yeah, and I got him neutered, too. I figured you wouldn't want any more strays around here. - Karen. - Hi, Alberta. I took these down for you since, you know, Christmas was six months ago. [Mary Alice] Yes, Mrs. McCluskey's helping hand was known throughout Wisteria Lane. But on this day it was about to get slapped. - What the hell are you doing? - [gasps] Jeez, Edie, you scared me. What're you doing? Getting Mike's house ready. He comes back from the hospital tomorrow. Since when do you have a key to his garage? He gave me one, in case of an emergency. Don't lie to me, prune. Fine. I found it under his mat. I'm not doing anything wrong. I come over once a week and start his mower so the engine doesn't get rusty. And do you mow your lawn with it, too? What's the big deal? I'm doing him a favor. Well, he doesn't need any favors from you. I'm gonna go through Mike's house room by room, and if I find one paper clip missing, I'm calling the cops. Funny you should talk about stuff that's missing. I found those pictures of Mike and Susan you threw out. - Pictures? - Oh, don't act for me. I know Mike's been having troubles with his memory. My guess, you don't want him to remember how crazy he was about his old girlfriend. [chuckles] I don't need to resort to deception to land a man. Oh, Edie? I saved the pictures. And I can show them to Mike any time I like. [Mary Alice] Yes, Karen McCluskey believed in helping others. Where are you going with this? Which she felt gave her the right... ... to help herself. Remember to be polite. Smile. [Mary Alice] Each year, as part of their fundraising drive, the Fairview Adventure Scouts would award a shiny new bike to whoever sold the most magazine 
