 ":"previously

 on... i'm granng you temporary custody until we can get a straight

 answer from e birth father. gabrielle got exactly what she wanted. if

 edie doesn't know, then that means that you just cheated on her

 with me. susan got fooled again... i'm also a member of s.a.

 and bree got too much... sex addicts anonymous. information. karl mayer didn't

 pray often, but when he did, it was usually to ask for

 god's help in breaking up with a woman and to spare him

 the nasty drama that usually accompanied such callous and unexpected departures. over

 the years, karl had dumped dozens of women, and not one of

 them had ever seen it coming. every retreat was always meticulously planned,

 right down to the personalized stationary, hence his record of successful getaways

 from women who did not want to see him go. so when

 he decided to break up with edie britt, karl prayed to god

 yet again to help him avoid all the unnecessary drama. unfortunately for

 karl... (alarm stops) god was in the mood... to be entertained. (whispers)

 come on! what the hell is this? edie, baby, calm down. \"let's

 be honest with ourselves, edie. we haven't been happy in a long

 time\"? who are you to tell me i haven't been happy, you

 miserable son of a bitch? i have been ecstatic! okay. i-i'm the

 one who hasn't been happy, then. they why did you propose to

 me? i don't know. i have told every woman in this town

 that we are getting married, and all you have to say to

 me is, \"i don't know\"? oh, what else do you want me

 to say? i'm sorry. what's going on? is there someone else? oh,

 my god. oh, crap. come on, come on, come on! as he

 sat there, karl couldn't help but wonder why god had forsaken him.

 it never occurred to him that god... might be a woman. captioning

 provided by touchstone televion, abc, inc. and ford motor co.-- built for

 the road ahead. captioned by closed captioning services, inc. god, grant me

 the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, the courage to

 change the things i can and the wisdom to know the difference...

 the members of the fairview chapter of a.a. ended every meeting with

 a prayer. and while most were asking god for help in resisting

 temptation, was busy thinking thoughts that were downright sinful. ...with him in

 the next. amen. keep coming back. it works if you work it.

 amen. i think you'd love the opera. the music and the voices--

 it's just all so... passionate. (chuckles) yeah, a 300-pound soprano seducing balding

 tenors. that'd be hot. you making fun of me? (chuckles) huh? bree.

 yes? maybe a little bit. what's going on here? claude? we made

 plans, remember? i'm sorry. i was just about-- yeah, i saw what

 you were just about to do. i'm sorry, peter, but, uh, who

 is this? this is claude. he's my sponsor. oh, your a.a. sponsor?

 no. i'm his other sponsor. for my sex addiction. oh. damn it,

 peter. what did i tell you? avoid lust triggers. and what is

 she? come on, don't do this, man. she's a lust trigger. a

 lust trigger! um, excuse me. i don't know what that means, but

 could you please stop saying it? where's your chip? give it to

 me. do you remember how low you'd sunk when we met? this

 represents 12 months of hard work, not giving in to your urges.

 now if you wanna blow all that on this woman, just tell

 me now so i can stop wasting my time working with you.

 (chip hits floor) i don't want to blow it. good. then tell

 the pretty lady good-bye and that you can't socialize with her anymore.

 and do it quick. i'm hungry. bad news. ed wants us to

 push through tonight and finish the edelstein realty pitch. but we're not

 presenting for another two weeks. why don't we start tomorrow? but how

 would that help ed avoid his marital problems? what? oh, he's right.

 i hear ed fighting with fran on the phone every day through

 the office walls. that would explain all our working hours. the people

 who have kids in day care loose. hey, great. let's go before

 he changes his mind. but that dsn't include you, miss senior v.p.

 ed wants you in the conference room now. you're kidding! you're his

 security blanket, lynette. he stays, you stay. jerry, can you help me

 get the kids down to the car? (lynette) oh. yeah. thanks, jer.

 sure. lynette? (lynette) yeah? get those mock-ups together, will you? jerry, i

 didn't know you had a kid. y-yeah, um, out of wedlock. oh.

 so... see you in the morning. i'm sorry i'm late. what's going

 on? karl broke up with edie. oh, my god. yeah, apparently, he

 was seeing someone. really? did he say who it was? i know

 who she is. she's a man-eating, scum-sucking ho-bag. no, he did not

 say. you know, when karl dumped you, i thought that it was

 all your fault. yeah, i figured that... you were a nag or

 bad in bed. but now i... now i see that you were

 just a victim, too. we have a bond, susan. it's like we're

 sisters. (chuckles) there's even a pretty one and an ugly one. edie!

 no, i'm just saying that karl screwed us both. yes, like you

 wouldn't believe. guys, i'm all for bashing exes, but let's save a

 little of our hate for his partner in crime-- the other woman.

 mm-hmm. yeah! you know, they're always coming up with these excuses to

 justify being a home-wrecker. exactly! like, \"he wouldn't have been with me

 if he was gettin' it at home.\" yeah, \"honey, you're the love

 of my life. she's just the runner-up.\" oh, look, the baby's doing

 something really cute. she's sleeping. like an angel. look, i think we

 all know that karl is a dog. mm. i mean, but let's

 face it-- if these tramps weren't laying out the buffet, he wouldn't

 be chowing down. well, every situation is different, and it's hard to

 judge until we know all the details. which... obviously i don't know,

 because how would i know? she's a slutty, slutty whore. absolutely. yeah.

 are you sure she needs that? i just put sunscreen on her.

 yes, she needs the bonnet. it completes the outfit. oh, for god's

 sakes, gaby. she's never too young to start accessorizing. besides, all the

 neighbors are out today, and i want them to see how happy

 we are and wish they were us. hey. uh, the baby's a

 beauty. we think so, but we're a little biased. oh, wow, she's

 got my eyes. huh? oh, i'm dale. dale helm. i'm the baby's

 birth father. uh, well, hi, dale. (chuckles) nice to meet you. a

 lot of people have been looking for you. yeah, i know, lawyers

 and stuff. i got kinda held up in florida longer than i

 thought. spring break, right? yeah. oh, man, we were wasted 24/7. then

 i got the message and just thought my friends were messing with

 me. those buttwads! ahem. well, it's a good thing he's here. we

 can take him to the lawyer's office, and you can sign over

 full custody to us. (chuckles) okay. yeah, uh, the thing about that

 is, i'm gonna want the baby. come on, you guys. we don't

 have to make this ugly. you're trying to take our baby! how

 is it not gonna be ugly? just keep walking, gaby. don't engage

 him. listen, mr. solis... no, you listen! we were granted custody. if

 you want her, you talk to the judge. hey, what is the

 holdup? they told me i gotta talk to a judge. what the

 hell are you doing here, frank? it's his baby.give it to him!

 like hell! (julie) hey, mrs. solis,can i see the baby? (both) no!

 dale, just do it already! i'm not just gonna kidnap it. why

 not? they did! it is your baby. just take it! try it.

 frank? (groans) get in, you moron. anyways, it looks like you're doing

 a good job with her. dumb-ass! she seems clean. (betty) and like

 i said, we have been very happy here, and i'm sure you

 will be, too. (man) well, we just love it. (woman) yeah. once

 the stairs are repaired, i'll show you the basement. what's going on?

 the house just sold. start packing. (danielle) why don't you just put

 caleb in an institution? it's where he belongs anyway. my mom would

 never let strangers take care of him. then it's not up to

 her. if i call the police, my mom and i go to

 jail with caleb. we've been hiding a murderer. now, look, if we--

 if we do move, i promise i will call you every day.

 i don't need a phone buddy. i need a boyfriend! would you

 calm down, please? don't tell me what to do! you know, i

 could go to the police myself! danielle... i just... i love you

 so much. i would do anything to keep you here. yeah, i

 see that now. you can't leave me alone here. you have to

 think of something. don't worry. i will. (gasps) oh, my god! (i.m.

 chimes) ed? hey, i'm so sorry, but obviously that was just meant

 for tom's eyes only. honest mistake. don't even worry about it. okay.

 thanks. well, i'm gonna go back in my office and continue to

 feel like a huge pervert. at least you and tom have a

 love life. well, we do the best we can given the circumstances.

 better than fran and i. we're dead in that department. i don't

 wanna bore you with the details. i appreciate that. you know, ed...

 i don't wanna pry into your personal business, but if you are

 having problems in that area, you don't have to be resigned to

 it. what are you suggesting, hookers? no, ed ferrara doesn't pay for

 sex. i mean, you and fran could spice it up a bit.

 you know, get the old juices flowing again. oh, i see. kinda

 like, uh... \"i'd like to lick you from head to foot.\" (chuckles)

 okay, well, that wasn't my best work, but you can't deny results.

 i.m.ing works, and when i go home tonight, tom and i are

 going to... okay, well, i'm gonna be exhausted, so i'll probably just

 lay there. but trust , tom is gonna go to town. it's

 something to think about, lord knows. you know what the sad truth

 is? i have been thinking about hookers. okay! uh, well, i hope

 that helped. and i'm just gonna go back and finish so we

 can all get out of here. (chuckles) let me guess. you're not

 here for a bear claw. (chuckles) no, i'm not. you're wasting your

 time. look, you don't have to worry about peter, not while he's

 with me. yeah? why is that? because when it comes to sex,

 i have an unwavering moral compass. truly. a man could beg and

 plead all day long, and it wouldn't make any difference. so since

 i have such strong self-control, there's really no reason for us to

 end our friendship. the guy's a ticking bomb. you have no idea

 the kind of depravity that comes with this disease. waking up in

 a stranger's bed every morning... cruising the park at night, looking for

 somebody to get off with, compulsive masturbation every chance you get! look,

 for guys like peter and me, there's no beauty in the sex.

 it's an empty and ugly compulsion. well, i am sorry, but the

 peter i know has a little more s-- hold up. claude, i

 need some-- i need some help. what are you doing here? are

 you using? no, but i bought a bag. you're an embarrassmento me.

 give. there's a meeting over on 10th street. you go there. you

 call me after. i'm sorry. get the hell out of my shop.

 i'm also a sponsor at cocaine anonymous. well, aren't you the renaissance

 man. are we done here, princess? not yet. you obviously have an

 encyclopedic grasp of everything deaved. but clearly, you don't have the slightest

 idea about the power of a loving relationship. this is all you

 are to peter-- something to satisfy his addiction. well, i think peter

 is a better man than you do, and i am not gonna

 let you keep us apart. try and stop me. peter does everything

 i tell him to do. that's the one thing you can depend

 on with addicts-- they're weak. (laughs) (sighs) excuse me. excuse me. may

 i ask you something? yes, ma'am? if a citizen, an ordinary citizen

 like myself, knew of someone holding a significant amount of drugs, what

 would my responsibilities be, you know, under the law? what's all this?

 and this one, i ran out and got the day i found

 out karl was doing it with his secretary. i think you'll find

 this particularly helpful. it's got a chapter called, \"revenge: you're only hurting

 yourself.\" yeah, you know, i'm just really not into the whole reading

 thing. oh. well, um, why don't we get you out of here?

 let's go see a feel-good movie. why are you being so nice

 to me? well, i just wanna help. so how about that movie?

 you know how i like to heal? i get hammered. uh... well,

 um... then i should just go and let you get started with

 that. do you really wanna help me? good. 'cause i'm gonna need

 a designated driver. oh! uh... okay. how could he be arrested for

 cocaine possession? claude swore he was clean. it's just awful, isn't it?

 i mean, you never know what people are doing behind your back.

 would you like some milk with your cookies? thanks. it's just, you

 know... was he best sponsor i've ever had, and i don't know

 what i'm gonna do now. well, i have been doing some thinking

 and... here's a thought-- why don't i be your sponsor? (laughs) you

 gotta be kidding. you don't know squat about sex addiction. well, cravings

 are cravings, and all you really need is a friend to call

 when you start having inappropriate thoughts, and i can be that friend.

 well, there's more to it than that. claude rescued me from some

 pretty nasty sces over the years. well, if you were in trouble,

 i could handle it. how can you be so sure? because i

 can be very strong for those people that i really care about.

 how can you have any feelings for me at all? i mean,

 you've only known me for a few weeks. yes, and in that

 time, i've come to learn that you're good and kind and smart.

 and, yes, you have a little problem that you need some help

 with, but i'm willing to be there for you. so what's the

 big deal? if you saw me at my worst, you might not

 like me so much. peter, let me be your rock. taking care

 of people is what i do best. drink your milk. (indistinct conversations,

 laughter) ah-ah-ah. mnh-mnh. i asked for extra spicy. i'm pretty sure you

 said medium. are you? well, maybe if you'd written it down, you

 would've spared yourself the walk of shame back to the kitchen. edie,

 why are you torturing that girl? that is her. that is the

 one that karl is in love with. we have been here a

 million times, and you should see the way that she flirts with

 him, and when she comes back here, i am gonna shove this

 pitcher in her perky little mug, and when she's-- okay, let's not

 make a scene. it's not worth it. for the sake of argument,

 let's--let's--let's say that it's someone else. you know, probably it would be

 a vulnerable, lonely woman who karl just took advantage of, and what

 if... this poor, confused soul begged your forgiveness? what would you say?

 i'd say... \"too little, too late, bitch,\" and then i'd kick her.

 oh. yeah, but you don't have to worry about that, because i'm

 positive it's her. i mean, who else could it be? yeah. karl's

 office is all guys, and then the only women he sees are

 me, julie, that--that lesbian that does his taxes and you. you know

 what? it is her. really? why? she just... spit in your wings.

 you got my back? uh... sure? here you go, extra spicy. aah!

 you did that on purpose. (grunts) ugh! you are going to pay!

 (whistle blows) (edie) oh! (woman) whoa! fight, fight! (edie) get off me,

 you! get off me! mayer! four on one! a little help! so,

 uh, when we leave... who you gonna miss the most? i don't

 know. yeah, you . you said good-bye to her yet? no. look,

 man, it's... it's okay if you like her. you know, i think

 danielle really likes you, too. really? yeah, she told me she'd be

 really sad if you left and didn't say good-bye. you know, i

 think that she might even want you to give her a little

 kiss. but danielle doesn't even like me in her room. she gets

 mad. yeah. i talked to her about that. she feels really bad.

 if you come in her room again, she won't get mad. and,

 caleb, she's gonna act like she doesn't want you to kiss her...

 but she does. dale helm, like all the students at parsons christian

 academy, was taught that his future was safely in god's hands. what

 he didn't know was that gabrielle solis was about to force a

 fumble. (crowd cheering loudly) (man) all right, guys, you all know next

 week we're playing the falcons! and we're gonna fry up those birdies

 for dinner, 'cause we're the huskies! (mouths words) and who are the

 huskies? (all) god's team! god's team! god's team! god's team! god's team!

 god's team! god's team! god's team! god's team! god's team! what are

 you doing? you can't be here. let's talk turkey. what is it

 gonna take for you to give up the baby? it's not gonna

 happen, okay? i gotta get back. i'm the quarterback. it doesn't look

 right. okay, no, no! wait, what about a car? or college? tuition's

 a killer these days. i could help you out. i don't need

 help. you hear those cheers? those are for me. last game, i

 threw 246 yards. with stats like that, i can get into the

 college of my choice. so why do you want to be a

 dad? these are your glory days. a baby would ruin your life.

 oh, i know. but frank said once i get the baby, he's

 gonna take it off my hands. but it's not even his. libby

 dumped him. he thinks that if he has the baby and she

 sees him acting all mature, she'll take him back. no, no, no.

 i am not letting that idiot use my baby as a bargaining

 chip. hey, it's out of my hands! no, it doesn't have to

 be, okay? just do the right thing and sign the release form.

 look, i'm really sorry. before we adjourn today, let's take a moment

 to bow our heads. (microphone feedback whines) hello, everyone. i'm gaby solis,

 class of '94. whoo-hoo! i just wanted to give god a big

 shout out for this amazing season. the man upstairs has definitely been

 on your side. and you wanna know why? because you boys live

 clean. you keep your noses up, you stay out of trouble, and

 you don't go around getting strippers pregnant. and that's a good thing,

 'cause if one of you caused a scandal like that, not only

 would that guy get kicked off the team and lose all of

 his scholarships, but god would drop your school colors so fast, it'd

 make your head spin! and then the football season would go to

 hell. no pun intended. (chuckles) so my point is, do the right

 thing, and no one gets hurt. signed, sealed, delivered. lily's ours. so

 what do you think? are you staying late again, or can i

 finally have dinner at home with my wife? god, i don't know.

 i'm gonna go check with ed. okay. hey, any luck with that

 i.m.ing thing? no, not really. i was online chatting with fran a

 while ago, and i asked her what she was wearing, and she

 said, \"a yellow blouse.\" okay, that's good. then what? then... yeah, that's

 it. i just kinda blocked. you blocked? yeah, i didn't know what

 else to say. you're an award-winning copywriter, ed. you get paid to

 write. yeah, jingles for oatmeal, not soft-core porn. for god's sakes, it's

 not brain surgery. is she still online? yeah, i think so. ugh.

 \"i love the way that blouse clings to your body.\" \"are you

 joking?\" mnh-mnh-mnh. \"nothing funny about those beautiful breasts.\" (i.m. chimes) \"yeah? what

 did you want to do to me?\" uh... ed, your conference call's

 ready. oh, god, i almt forgot about that. okay, i gotta go

 take this, but you keep going, 'cause you're doing great. no, ed,

 i'm not doing this for you! just... what? ahem. \"touch every inch

 of your body until you're trembling.\" \"oh, yeah. i'll bite you good.\"

 \"hell, yeah. first, i want you to touch yourself.\" \"oh, yeah!\" \"i'm

 on my way.\" (dance music playing over telephone) hello? bree, it's peter...

 and i'm in trouble. (indistinct conversations in distance) (dance music playing) hi,

 i'm--i'm looking for, um, peter mcmillan. i'm not sure i know him.

 you should ask my wife. she organized the party. hey, judy, get

 over here and act like a hostess! come on in! come on,

 come on, come on. (singsong voice) hey there. things areust getting started.

 after you take off your clothes, feel free to jump right in.

 no, no, i'm--i'm good. i'm just, um, here to pick up my

 friend peter. he's locked himself in your bathroom, and i'm here to

 take him home. oh, yeah, that guy. we were wondering about him.

 the bathroom's over there. hey, is that your natural color? yes, it

 is. beautiful. i wish mine would do that. this is out of

 a bottle. yes, i'm aware of that. peter? peter, it's bree. are

 you in there? what are you doing here? i'm a sex addict.

 what do you think? you can't possibly be turned on by what's

 going on out there. disgusting, isn't it? yes. why would you wanna

 come to a place like this? i didn't. i wanted you to

 come. i can't make you not have feelings for me, but i

 can show you who i was, what my life was like. well,

 that's not your life anymore. but it could be. if i slip

 again, this is exactly where you could find me, or someplace worse.

 then what would you think of me? peter-- bree... it's dangerousto care

 a lot of people have over the years, and they all end

 up getting hurt. rex said he'd always be faithful. george said he'd

 never hurt me. and as it turned out, they were both liars.

 so as long as you're honest with me, you'd be amazed at

 what i can put up with. now let's go home. hey there.

 did you have a late night? i hope. it was horrible. the

 whole thing blew up in my face. why would you tell my

 wife to bite my nipple off? i didn't! i didn't. why would

 she--oh! the honeymoon thing. yeah, and it hurt like hell then, too.

 and it didn't take her long to figure out that i let

 a stranger seduce her online. oh, god! she was so mad, she

 locked herself in the bathroom and called a divorce lawyer. you're getting

 divorced? i spent two hours pleading with her through the bathroom door,

 begging her not to leave me, and... we finally managed to come

 to terms. what kind of terms? i promised her i would fire

 the person who did it. you're gonna fire me? no, of course

 not. you're too important here. i'm gonna fire tom. i told her

 it was him that sent the i.m.s. what?! i told her that

 he had a problem with boundarie i'm sorry. i didn't wanna do

 this, but my marriage was on the line. you can't make my

 husband your scapegoat. i won't let you. i don't have a damn

 choice. i can't be divorced, lynette. i can't. he's under contract. if

 you just fire him, he'll sue you, and i'll back him up.

 you need cause. well... i guess i'll have to find cause. it

 shouldn't be too difficult if i look hard enough. hey, how's the

 eye? oh, it's still a little red, bui think i got all

 the hot sauce out. that's good. so, um... you know the other

 day when i said that thing about us being sisters? well, when

 i said it i really didn't mean it. yeah, i kind of

 figured that. no, i mean, i really didn't mean it. but, um...

 now i do. thank you. thank you for having my back. so

 do i have to worry about you attacking any more waitresses? (southern

 accent) nah, my bar brawlin' days are over. oh, you know, i-i've

 gotta go. i have a meeting. i'll talk to you later. are

 you oliver? you must be edie. pleasure to meet you. oh, likewise.

 i hear you're one of the best private detectives in town. i

 do what i can. well, come on in. let's talk. um... basically,

 i just want you to trail my ex. he, uh... left me

 for another woman, and i wanna nail that ho to the wall.

 caleb? hey, come on, buddy, wake up. caleb? it's time. (danielle screams,

 clatter) get away from me! get away from her! danielle, i want

 you to pick up the phone and call the police. no! what?

 matthew and his mother have been protecting caleb. they're in as much

 trouble as he is! i don't care. mom, please! i love him.

 (crying) please. if i hadn't been in the house, he could've raped

 her... or worse. he's locked in his room now, so... needless to

 say, the agreement between us is off. caleb is dangerous, and i

 want him put away. if he is not gone by tomorrow, i

 am calling the police. (matthew) he will be. i promise you. can

 i go check on danielle? yes. betty, i am serious. either you

 do something, or i will. bree, stop worrying. i understand what needs

 to happen now. danielle? did it work? perfectly. you did great. um,

 so i got some rates on some mental hospitals around here, and

 there's one called silvercrest which actually seems okay. put this ham in

 the fridge, will you? i think i'll make it for dinner. uh,

 mom, i know you don't wanna talk about this, but we have

 to. mrs. van de kamp is gonna call the police. i promised

 myself i would never institutionalize your other. mom... how long do you

 think it'd be before he'd act out, maybe even hurt somebody? a

 couple of days? a week? then they'd throw him in a straitjacket

 and drug away what's left of his mind. he'd spend the rest

 of his life at the mercy of strangers. but if we don't

 send him to a hospital, he's gonna end up in prison, and

 don't you think that's worse? yes, of course i do. so what

 the hell are we gonna do? phenobarbital? it's easy. it's painless. it's

 just a few extra drops. he simply falls asleep. caleb was meant

 for a better world than this, matthew. it's time to give your

 brother the peace he deserves. who's the pretty girl? (doorbell rings) oh,

 looks like it's daddy's turn. (whispering) i got her. yes. oh, yes.

 mrs. solis? yes? we have a court order to take the collins

 baby into custody. no, no, no, that's a mistake. no, we-- we

 have the paperwork. the birth father signed away his rights. it's the

 birth mother who's protesting. what? until the adoption is legally finalized, the

 birth mother can still change her mind, and... she has. no, no,

 no, no, no, no! (clos) gaby, wait. you? you don't even wanna

 be a mother! (libby) well, look, frank quit usin', anduh, he got

 a good job down at the plant. he's really stepped up. so?!

 well, so we're gonna give the whole family thing a shot. well,

 i'll totally give you all your money back. i don't want my

 money back. i want my baby! co on, let's go. carlos! no!

 carlos, what's happening? no, no, no, ma'am, you don't understand. you don't

 understand, this is our baby! no, we've been--we've been feeding her, and

 we-- we've been bathing her, and we wake up in the middle

 of the night and we rock her, which is crazy, 'cause if

 you knew me, i don't do that. i don't do that. and--and

 my husband-- my husband, he sings to her. (crying) he sings, so

 you can't take her away. it's too late. we've already fallen in

 love with her! (sobbing) carlos, do something! no, you can't go! you

 can't--you can't take her! you can't take her! (sobbing) no! she's our

 baby! she's our... no! please! there is a prayer intended to give

 strength to people faced with circumstances they don't want to accept. the

 power of the prayer comes from its insight into human nature... we

 ask god to grant us the serenity to accept the things we

 cannot change... because so many of us rage against the hand that

 life has dealt us... the courage to change the things we can...

 because so many of us are cowardly and afraid to stand up

 for what is right... and the wisdom to know the difference. because

 so many of us give in to despair... when faced with an

 impossible choice. the good news for those who utter these words is

 that god will hear you and answer your prayer. the bad news

