 ":"So

 I'm driving my car the other night, and what do you think

 happens? I crashed into a utility pole. Then, to add insult to

 injury, I was electrocuted. What can I say? It was one of

 those days. All my neighbors heard it happen. So they quickly left

 their microwaved burritos and their expensive jars of moisturizer and their racy

 pay-per-view movies, and they hurried outside, excited to see what all the

 ruckus was about. But then, when they saw it was me, this

 weird thing happened. For a moment, no one moved or said anything.

 They just stared. And then... Oh, my God. All hell broke loose.

 Does anybody know CPR? There's been an accident. Edie, can you hear

 me? Yes, everyone suddenly became very concerned, which was touching, but ultimately

 pointless. Moments before the ambulance finally arrived, I heard someone whisper... Don't

 worry, Edie. You're going to get through this. You're going to be

 just fine. Oh, Susan Mayer, wrong again. Two seconds later, it happened.

 With all of my neighbors surrounding me, I took my last breath.

 The good news, I died just like I lived, as the complete

 and utter center of attention. Two days after I kicked the proverbial

 bucket, my husband asked my neighbors to do me a favor. You

 could tell from the looks on their faces it wasn't something they

 wanted to do, but they agreed to do it anyway. So the

 next day, they piled into a car, with two thermoses filled with

 coffee, a basket filled with baked goods, and an urn that was

 filled with me. - I hate that we have to do this.

 - So you've said. I mean, it really is the kind of

 thing a relative should do. Maybe it is. But we're in the

 car, on our way there, so stop your bitching. Well, can you

 at least put the radio on? I won't feel like bitching if

 I can sing along to something. If you start singing, I'll start

 bitching. And you don't want that. It's a four-hour drive. We have

 to do something to pass the time. Here's a thought. Why don't

 we talk about Edie? - And say what? - I don't know.

 But she is the reason we're on this trip. Maybe we could

 share memories or tell stories. Why don't you start with the time

 she tried to steal your comatose boyfriend? That was fun. Okay, I

 was thinking of stories that put Edie in a positive light. And

 after that five minutes is up, then what do we do? The

 woman is dead, people. Let's honor her memory. Well, I'm all for

 saying a few nice things. But you were never really friends. You

 and Edie clashed right from the start. Yeah. That's what everybody thinks.

 But the first time we met, it seemed like we'd end up

 being the best of friends. That's disgusting. No, it's okay. It landed

 on the detergent box. Here. You go buy yourself a fresh donut

 or booze, crack... Whatever eases the pain. Just move it along. You

 think I'm homeless? No, no, no. No, I live here. I... I

 can prove it. I know exactly what's in this garbage bag, empty

 carton of eggs, coffee grinds, shampoo bottle... Wart removal cream? You're right.

 I'm homeless. Susan Mayer. It's all cleared up. Edie Britt. I just

 moved in down the street. Yeah, I saw the moving van. Welcome.

 Thanks. So is it just you or do you have a family?

 I have a son. He lives with his dad. It's a long

 story, I'll tell you one day over a margarita. You want to

 invite me in for a margarita? How about coffee? I just put

 on a pot. Great. You can fill me in on all of

 the neighborhood gossip. Starting with the redhead across the street with the

 muffin basket. That's a robot, right? Funny and likes to gossip. We're

 going to get along just fine. Yes, we are. Wait. Stop. Could

 we just rest for a second? We've only gone four blocks. Okay,

 I lied. I hate running. Well, why didn't you say something? We've

 been doing this for a week. Because we were starting to become

 friends. And you like to run, and I like to sit, and

 one of us had to give. - Hi, Susan! - Hi, Helen!

 Ed! I would have introduced you, but once Helen starts talking, she

 doesn't shut up. Right. Ed told me that. You met Ed? Yeah.

 I've gotten to know him quite well. - Yeah? - We're kind

 of doing it. - Doing what? - It. Ed is married. Yeah,

 I'm a naughty girl. No, you're being immoral. You're committing adultery. Actually,

 Ed's committing adultery. I'm just getting laid. You know, forget I ever

 mentioned it. I can't forget something like this. Helen is my very

 good friend. I thought you just said that she was... She is

 annoying, and I hide when she knocks on my door. But she

 does not deserve for you to be wrecking her marriage. - Where

 are you going? - Home. So you're not going to be my

 friend anymore? I don't think so. I thought you didn't like running!

 Well, it depends on what I'm running away from! Hi, I'm the

 whore that lives down the street. - Could I borrow a cup

 of condoms? - A cup? Are you sure that'll be enough? Look,

 I know that you don't like me. But I am here to

 do you a favor anyway. I was out to dinner last night,

 and I saw your husband with another woman. Really? I feel bad

 saying it, but if I were in your shoes, I would want

 to know. You're welcome. I get it. So you feel I judged

 you, and for revenge, you're trying to make me insecure about my

 marriage. If I wanted revenge, I would have joined them and had

 a threesome. You know, Karl would never cheat. And the woman he

 was with, Brandi, his secretary, and he took her out for her

 birthday. The old \"I'm taking my secretary out for her birthday\" routine.

 Nice tip of the hat to the classics. Okay, well since you're

 on this moral roll, why don't we walk over to Helen's, and

 I will introduce you, we can have some tea, and then you

 two could swap stories about Ed's favorite positions. What I do and

 what Brandi's doing is completely different. How? I'm not looking to break

 up anyone's marriage. I'm in it for a little fun, some free

 meals, and to help an unhappy man through his mid-life crisis. Wow,

 you're just a giver. Fine, use all of your energy judging me,

 and ignore the real problem. But let me tell you something. This

 is my area of expertise. And I saw the look in that

 woman's eyes. She's not in it for the free meals. She's in

 it for keeps. You should leave now. You know, Susan, I'm trying

 to help my neighbor out. I thought it was the moral thing

 to do. Three weeks later, I found Brandi's bra in Karl's glove

 compartment and, well, you know the rest. Say what you want about

 Edie, she really understood men. I should hope so, after all those

 years of research. I can't help thinking about all the times Edie

 and I sniped at each other. We could have been good friends.

 Well, if she knew what you're about to do for her, she'd

 forgive you for everything. Okay, my hour's up. Someone else hold Edie

 now. I'll take her. Kind of looks like cat litter. Lynette! Don't

 look at Edie. Or what? I'll turn to stone? She's all rough

 and gritty. Gabby, before we learn what Edie tastes like... I've got

 it. I think a little more reverence for the dead is in

 order. Please, we're talking about Edie. A little more irreverence is what

 we need. Give it. Do you guys remember when you took turns

 driving me to chemo? Well, none of you did it like Edie.

 - Hey, Lynette. - Hey! - How you feeling? - Same. Well,

 here's the DVD you asked for. Thanks. I'll watch it during chemo,

 if I'm not too tired. Here we go. Hi, Edie. Hi. What

 is that? It's a health shake of fermented brown rice. And for

 her entr?e, a salad of radish, burdock root and bok choy. What's

 for dessert? Waterboarding? Thanks. I can't get comfortable. Could you fluff my

 pillows? Of course. Well, I've got errands to run and I'll be

 back to drive you to chemo. Before you go, would you put

 my socks back on? My feet are cold again. Of course. Katherine,

 you have got stuff to do. Why don't I take her to

 chemo? It's fine. Okay. See you tomorrow, then. Bye. Okay, where's your

 coat? Why? Chemo's not until 5:00. Yeah, I've got to make a

 little stop on the way. Edie! You've been here before? A couple

 of times. You're going to love it. Hey! Love it? I have

 cancer. I probably shouldn't even use the ladies' room in this place.

 There is no ladies' room, so that's not a problem. Edie, I

 have chemo in half an hour. Fine, then we'd better start drinking.

 I'm not supposed to drink. And they're not supposed to do tattoos

 in the kitchen, but I have a bald eagle on my ass

 that says otherwise. Two tequila shooters! Hey, Edie! Reggie! I thought you

 were in Florida. No, that was just a body they identified as

 me. Reggie, this is my friend, Lynette. I'm trying to cheer her

 up a little. Right on. Want to shoot some stick? Uh... -

 No, thanks. - Come on, you can totally take him. No, I

 can't. See? Cancer. No sweat. I'll play you one-handed. - Can you

 excuse us for one second? - Sure. - I need to go

 to chemo. I have... - Cancer. Yeah, I heard. And what do

 you want from me? I want you to fluff your own pillows.

 You need to start fighting this thing. - I'm doing the best

 I can. - Not even close. Hell, Lynette, you... You are the

 strongest person I know. You're even stronger than me, and that's saying

 something. Now, I may be a little out of line bringing you

 here. But you need to remember who you are. Screw cancer. You

 are Lynette Scavo. Two tequilas. Now, where's that one-armed friend of yours?

 I want to shoot some stick. Wow. It sounds like she gave

 you just what you needed. Good for Edie. She never let me

 forget it, either. She always insisted it was the tequila shooters that

 killed the cancer. What the hell is that? Not now. We have

 a flat. Maybe it's a sign we're not supposed to do this

 today. Nice try. We don't have time for this. Anybody know how

 to change a tire? You want to hand me that cross wrench?

 Do you wanna tell me what that is? It's the T-shaped dealie

 I'm going to whack you with if you don't hand it over.

 You know, Edie used to live around here when she moved away

 from Wisteria Lane. You mean when you gals gave her the boot.

 Less yakking, more jacking. Bree, how did you know where she lived?

 I ran into her once, unexpectedly, in a place I never thought

 I'd be. Bree Hodge? Follow me. I'll get you situated and I'll

 bring your husband in. - Is that the visitors' room? - Yeah.

 Why? You don't happen to have a private room, do you? You

 mean, like, an upgrade, something with a couch and softer lighting? That

 would be lovely. Oh! You were being sarcastic. Yes, ma'am. Are you

 ready to... Not just yet. It's not a bad idea, having an

 upgrade available. I bet that's a perk people would be willing to

 pay for. Ma'am, it's a prison. The only perk we offer is

 a cavity search. To be honest, I... I'm not feeling up to

 this. I'm going to have to come back another day. Fine. He's

 got another visitor scheduled anyway, so I don't even have to tell

 him you were here. - Another visitor? Who? - Some lady. She

 visits him every week. - Every week? What's her name? - I

 can't give you that. If she's visiting my husband, I think I

 have a right to know. Ma'am, I'm sorry, but I cannot give

 you her name. Really? Because I would consider that a perk worth

 paying for. Well, well. What are you doing here? I wanted to

 see you. And you didn't bring muffins? It isn't that kind of

 visit. No muffins and no small talk. Should I be scared or

 grateful? I stopped by the prison today. The guard tells me you've

 been visiting Orson. Sometimes twice a week, she said. Who knew lady

 prison guards could be so chatty? What are you up to, Edie?

 I'm not up to anything, you red-headed ice cube. He's 15 minutes

 away. And quite frankly, I feel sorry for him. After all, I

 know what it's like to be exiled from suburbia. So you're not

 trying to start up something? He's in jail. My boobs are impressive,

 but they can't bend iron bars. Well, thank you for checking in

 on him, and for answering my question. I have a question. Why

 aren't you visiting him? Well, my schedule is just unreal. What with

 the catering company and looking after Benjamin. Yeah, well, we're all busy.

 Come on. Why haven't you been to see him? That jail is...

 It's disgusting. All those men in cages, like animals. Even to step

 foot in that place is humiliating. That man went to jail for

 you. Do you have any idea how much he must love you?

 I do. Then why can't you suck it up once a month

 and go and say hi? Try to help him get through this

 living nightmare. Why can't you do that? You know, as I think

 about it, don't visit him. He can do so much better than

 you. So how are you doing? How do you think? You're right.

 I shouldn't have asked. I know it's horrible here. How would you

 know? You've never been. You have every right to hate me. There's

 no need to be melodramatic. I meant for asking you to come

 here, for insisting you turn yourself in. Now that I see this

 place, I don't know what I was thinking. You were thinking I

 needed to take responsibility for what I did, and you were right.

 But, still, asking you to make this sacrifice and not ever coming

 to see you. How can you ever forgive me? Just be there

 when I get out. I never told you about that, because I

 was embarrassed. Yeah, Edie Britt shamed you into being a better human

 being. That is embarrassing. All right, ladies. We're ready to ride. Good,

 we've got some ground to make up. I was hoping we would

 be able to get there before dark. How do you think he'll

 react when we tell him? How do you think? I never thought

 Edie would be cremated. I figured she'd want to be pumped full

 of chemicals and preserved. Isn't that what she did for the last

 15 years? My theory, Edie knew if she was buried, her true

 date of birth would be carved into a tombstone for all the

 world to see. You really think she spent a lot of time

 thinking about her death? Yeah, I do. I spent a night with

 her right after Carlos and I got divorced. Is this too red?

 I think I need something pinker. It's fine. Hurry up, I want

 to get to the club while this bikini wax is still fresh.

 This is going to be fun. I can't believe we've never gone

 out on the town together! Well, we've never been single together before.

 I feel so sorry for all those other girls in the bar.

 So do I. To be fair, we should probably walk in backwards.

 Oh, no, that won't work. We're an unstoppable team. The hottest chicks

 on Wisteria Lane. Oh, be nice. There are lots of attractive women

 on this street. - Like who? - How about Bree? With that

 hair color, you could stick a red nose on her and she

 could join the circus. - Lynette's beautiful. - For a baby factory.

 And Susan? We're the hottest, okay? Wow. Too much? No. It's great.

 All right, come on let's go. Wow, you were right about this

 place. Told you. A lot of hotties, very few notties. Ladies, this

 is from the gentleman at the end of the bar. And I

 just sat down. Well, that's a personal best. Actually, the drink's for

 her. Well, it's pretty dark in here. He probably didn't get a

 good look at me. Edie, don't take it personally. We're just different

 types. You're right. Some like tall, blond and sexy, and some men

 like that. Now, now, Edie, don't be snarky. We're both hot, remember?

 Although, apparently, I'm just a little bit hotter. Well, one guy might

 think so. One guy who is evidently intimidated by full-sized, womanly breasts.

 Yes, I guess I am a little on the small side. That's

 the drawback to having ones that are real. What are you talking

 about? These are real! Edie, come on. When you jump up and

 down, the room moves more than your boobs. Well, someone obviously has

 a chip on her shoulder. I'd reach down and knock it off,

 but I can't go down that low. Okay, you really think you're

 hotter than me? Let's just say that I have more of what

 men want. Yeah? Well, I have a vodka soda here that says

 otherwise. So he bought you one drink. A well drink, I might

 add. Well, it's one more than you got. Are you saying that

 I can't get a man to buy me a cocktail? Sure you

 can. Just not as many as me. One hour. Whoever gets the

 most swizzle sticks by the end wins. See you in an hour,

 loser. I know what boys like We know what guys want I

 know what boys like We know what's in their mind I make

 them want me I like to tease them They want to touch

 me I never let them I know what boys like We know

 what guys want I know what boys like Boys like, boys like

 me Sucker I know what boys like We know what guys want

 Count them and weep, Solis. Well, I guess I could do that.

 Or I could do this. I should make some kind of speech.

 But I think it's enough we both know I crushed you, right?

 Now if you'll excuse me, swizzle stick number 17 has a yacht

 and giant feet. What the hell were you thinking, abandoning me at

 a singles bar? I'm sorry, I just needed to be by myself

 for a while. Why? Don't tell me you're depressed because you lost

 some stupid game. I'm not depressed. I'm surprised. It's going by so

 quickly. What is? My youth. The harder I try to hold onto

 it, the more it just slips through my fingers. And all the

 makeup and dim lighting in the world can't seem to stop it.

 Please. You're gorgeous. And you are going to stay that way forever.

 That's the tricky part. I'm not going to be old. What? Ever

 since I was a child, I've known that I was never going

 to see 50. - That's ridiculous. - No, it's true. As far

 back as I can remember, a voice in my head said, \"Live

 it up today, 'cause you're not going to have a lot of

 tomorrows.\" You do realize there's medication designed to get rid of those

 voices? It's not a bad thing, Gabby. It's actually a gift. I

 appreciate my life in a way that most people don't. I just

 didn't expect it to go by this fast, that's all. You know

 what? I have a voice inside my head that says you're wrong.

 It tells me that 50 years from now, you and I will

 still be wearing dresses too tight and walking in heels too high

 and going to bars where we'll meet old geezers who'll buy us

 drinks with the last of their social security checks. If you say

 so. Now come on, let's go to my house. Let's pop open

 a bottle of wine and toast to our future. Why not? Isn't

 that weird? She knew she was going to die young. What do

 you mean you two were the hottest chicks on the lane? She

 called me a \"baby factory\"? Yeah, Gabby, in hindsight, maybe you shouldn't

 have told that part of the story. I think we're here. So

 are we ready for this? I don't know. Can you ever be

 ready to tell a boy that his mother is dead? Hey, Travers.

 Remember us? Sure. Wow, you brought the whole neighborhood with you. Did

 my mom come with you? We brought you some muffins. You can

 share them with your roommates. Or maybe a favorite teacher. What's going

 on? Is my mom in trouble or something? Come here. I'm afraid

 we have some bad news. Your mom was in a very serious

 accident, and I am so sorry, but she passed away. She died?

 - When? - A couple of days ago. We've been trying to

 get in touch with your dad, but he's still out of the

 country. And your mom's new husband's never met you, so he thought

 it would be best if we told you. Wow. If you'd like,

 we could give you a moment. No. I'm okay. Well, I have

 a class. I'm sure the school will understand if you need to

 miss a few days. I don't need to do that. I mean,

 I'm sorry she's dead, but we weren't very close. Still, she was

 your mother. Technically. But not a very good one. Look, Travers, we're

 all moms here. We've all made mistakes with our kids. And what

 we count on is when they grow up, they'll forgive us. My

 mom didn't even try to raise me. I mean, she just handed

 me to my father and walked away. How do you expect me

 to forgive that? Look, I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude,

 but I'm going to be late. Hey, hey, hey, hey, wait a

 second! Travers, you need to know something about your mom, and I'm

 gonna tell you. Now sit down. I'd only known your mom about

 a year when she came over to my house this one day.

 Hey, Karen, your porch light's on. Whoa. Sitting in your bathrobe drinking,

 and you didn't call me? I kind of wanted to be alone.

 Why? It's the anniversary of my son's death. I'm sorry. Every year,

 I think it'll get easier. And it never does. Nothing worse than

 losing a child. In a way, you're kind of lucky you don't

 have any. Actually, I do. - What? - I have a son.

 You lived here a year. How do I not know this? Because

 he lives with his father. When I got divorced, I gave him

 full custody. So I kind of know how you feel. I mean,

 we both lost kids. No. I lost a kid. You gave yours

 away. And you have the nerve to tell me you know how

 I feel? I gave him up because I wanted to protect him.

 From who? From me! You know, I tried to be a good

 mom, I really did. But I know myself. And if he... If

 he was going to grow up normal, he needed to get away

 from me. What a cop-out. I think you're just being selfish. You

 know, trust me, Karen, there is nothing that you could say to

 make me think less about myself than I already do. But if

 it gives him a chance, it's worth it. Aren't you afraid he's

 going to hate you? I love him enough to let him hate

 me. Well, I hope you're not making a big mistake. Me, too.

 So I'm not defending everything she did, Travers. But you have to

 know, she loved you, more than you can imagine. I really need

 to get to class. I believe I called shotgun. God, she is

 so good at that. She should be. She's been doing it since

 she rode shotgun on an actual stagecoach. Hey, hey. I realized I

 never thanked you for coming all the way out here just to

 tell me. That was really cool of you. We felt we owed

 it to your mom. - Oh, my God! I can't believe we

 forgot. - What? We also came to give you your mom's ashes.

 We thought you might want to scatter them somewhere. Unless that's a

 little weird for you. Why don't you guys take them? Are you

 sure? Yeah. You were her best friends. I'm sure you could think

 of the perfect place to put her. Okay, we're here. Guys. Wake

 up. Guys? We're home. Get out. Lord, Lynette, you nearly gave me

 a heart attack! Yeah, I'd like to see Edie again, but not

 tonight. I think my leg's asleep. Actually, that's my leg. Get your

 hand off. Lynette, thank you again for driving. You bet. Hold it!

 We've still got to figure out where we're going to spread the

 ashes. Now, it's got to be someplace that was meaningful to Edie.

 Well, Edie once told me she lost her virginity in a cow

 pasture. If we can find that exact field... We'd find a lot

 of traumatized cows. Do we really need to do this tonight? They're

 ashes. It's not like they're going to go bad. Fine. We'll talk

 tomorrow. Oh, Edie. What are we going to do with you? Subtle

 as always, I see. This was a wonderful idea, Karen. Wasn't exactly

 mine. Now be careful, you're spilling Edie. Urn is empty. Let's do

 it. Shouldn't we say something first? - Like what? - I don't

 know. A few words describing how we felt about her? I don't

 think Edie would want us to get all sappy. Well, I think

 if we're quick about it, she'd be fine. Here's a thought, we

 all say one word that sums up what we thought of her.

 - And then we dump her? - Then we dump her. Just

 one word? This is hard. Hmm. Okay, I've got one, I'll go

 first. Edie Britt was sexy. Perceptive. Strong. Beautiful. I need four words.

 God. Okay, I want to do Edie justice, and for that to

 happen, I need four words. Okay? Edie would so not be surprised

 you're ruining this moment. Go ahead, Susan. What are your four words

 for Edie? One of a kind. Now, it's time. And that is

 how Wisteria Lane came to be my final resting place. My ashes

 were spread over grass I had once walked on, beneath trees that

 had once given me shade, on top of roses I once admired,

 and beside fences I once gossiped over. And after my friends had

 finished saying goodbye, a wind came along and took what was left

 of me into the air. As I looked down on the world,

 I began to let go of it. I let go of white

 picket fences and cars in driveways, coffee cups and vacuum cleaners... I

 let go of all those things which seem so ordinary, but when

 you put them together, they make up a life. A life that

 really was one of a kind. I'll tell you something, it's not

 hard to die when you know you have lived. And I did.

