 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives. That maniac was serving a life sentence! Hello, ladies.

 Paul Young came back. Doug is leaving me. Lynette's friend had nowhere

 to go. I've spent eight years loving someone else's daughter? A baby

 was switched long ago and Carlos made a decision. Then we're not

 telling Gabby. Susan got a job offer. Women doing housework in lingerie.

 While Bree's contractor... With your red hair, you will look so hot

 in this room. ...brought possibilities to light. All set. Now that you're

 a biker chick, there's one other thing you gotta know how to

 do. Thanks, mister. It had been a long time since Bree Van

 De Kamp was a little girl, but she could still remember everything

 she'd been told about sex. Her grandmother informed her it was a

 woman's burden. Her minister warned her it was a sin. Her teacher

 taught her it was unhealthy. Yes, everyone had told Bree her sexual

 urges were dangerous, but no one had ever told her how to

 get rid of them. Hey, there you are. I'm off to the

 bank. Before you go, I want to show you something. Come here.

 Whole new idea. I want to panel the study in this. Oh.

 That's unusual. Historical birch from a Wyoming snow fence. Over 200 years

 old. Feel it. No, really. Feel it. You know what they call

 this? Witness wood, 'cause it's seen so much history, unlike me, who

 slept through history and had to go to summer school. I have

 to go, it's late. Yes, when Bree was a little girl she'd

 been taught her sexual urges were dangerous. Unfortunately, she was about to

 learn those urges were dangerous for everyone. Juanita. Oh, baby. The doctors

 and nurses at Fairview Hospital are experts at healing. They can set

 bones, bandage wounds, and treat diseases. Sadly, one thing they don't know

 how to heal, is a guilty conscience. I don't know what happened.

 She just came out of nowhere. Honey, this could've been any of

 us. Kids on that street are always playing where they shouldn't be.

 Still, I would just feel better if they would come out and

 tell us something. Juanita was talking when they put her into the

 ambulance, I'm sure everything's going to be fine. And I just spoke

 to one of the nurses. She seemed pretty positive. Well, that's a

 relief. Paul? What are you doing here? I heard about the accident,

 so I rushed right over. That's what neighbors do, right? Well, that's

 very thoughtful. We'll tell Gabby you stopped by. Yeah, don't feel like

 you have to hang around. There's nothing we can do. We can

 pray. Dear Lord, we ask you to be with this young child

 -and with the doctors caring for her... -What is he doing? -I

 don't know. -...and that she may be returned in full health to

 her loving family. Amen. Amen. Well, I have to get home. I'm

 expecting someone. Please extend my good wishes to Gabby. Dear Lord, please

 don't let that creep ever touch me again. Amen. Oh, Gabby, thank

 God. How is Juanita? She's gonna be fine. They're keeping her a

 couple of days for observation, so I told Carlos he doesn't even

 have to fly back from his business trip. That's great news. Yeah,

 it is. Bree, Andrew, can I talk to you for a second?

 Thanks for coming. I feel so blessed to have such wonderful... What

 the hell is wrong with you people? First you take out my

 mother-in-law, then you go after my daughter. Are you trying to kill

 off every Juanita Solis on the planet? I admit, it was a

 terrible coincidence. You're getting sloppy, you know? This one was in broad

 daylight! I'm sorry. She just came out of nowhere. Have you seen

 my daughter? She never comes out of nowhere! On a related note,

 I just want to say how much I appreciate you not telling

 Carlos about me running over his mom. I'm gonna give you that

 one, because I wasn't fond of her, but as for the rest

 of my family, learn to swerve! Why does this keep happening? I

 don't know. Maybe God is punishing us. Or God is punishing the

 Solises and we're just doing God's work. I feel awful. I should've

 never have been fiddling with that radio. Radio? Mom, I saw you

 from across the street. You were checking out Keith's ass. That's preposterous.

 You were looking at that contractor's butt like you were waiting for

 a side of steak sauce. Watch your mouth. This isn't one of

 your homosexual dance clubs. I'm telling you, it was the radio. Okay,

 fine. But while we're talking about the radio, you do know that

 particular model is like 15 years too young for you, right? Who

 is it? Maxine. Oh! Oh, hang on a second. I was just

 wrapping up my first session. I know. I was watching. And? What

 did you think? It was like watching a dream. And you know

 why? 'Cause I was asleep! Sit down, honey. It's time I gave

 you a few pointers. Now, you see what I'm doing here? Ah!

 And let's not forget the duster. Okay, okay. I get it. And

 what have we here? Smudges? We eat off that table. Am I

 making my point? We are selling a fantasy here. You got to,

 you know, loosen up. I want to, I just... I can't stop

 thinking about all those men out there, watching me. Yes, they're watching

 you. They're spending their hard-earned dollars to see the perfect woman. You,

 my darling, have all the power here. Now, is that a crumb

 I see on that rug? -That's it. -Ah! -That's my girl. -Ooh!

 Doug, if your lawyers don't sweeten the settlement offer, I will sue

 you for half of everything. And that includes your girlfriend's new implants!

 You paid for them out of our joint account, so technically one

 of those puppies is mine. I don't know, maybe throw it in

 the pool and use it as a floatie! Uh, Renee... Oh, she's

 going to be dating soon enough. It's time she learned what men

 are all about. Now, sweetie, what did Aunty Renee teach you about

 marriage? Never sign a prenup. Oh! Geez! Hey! What are you doing

 home from work? I'm not feeling well. Again? Yeah. That's the third

 time this week. You need to go to the doctor. No, I'm

 fine. I'm just going to lie on the couch and watch some

 TV. Okay. Oh! Before you fire up the Golf Channel, you think

 maybe you could make a quick run to the grocery store? I'm

 tired. Can't you do it? I'm a little busy right now. I've

 got five kids and a useless house guest. Hi, there. I need

 you functional. Either go to the doctor and get some help, or

 quit complaining and give me some help. Fine, I'll go tomorrow. Man,

 the sympathy in here is just overwhelming. What? Nothing. It's none of

 my business. \"But...\" But you may want to be careful. You two

 are starting to sound a lot like me and Doug. I appreciate

 the concern, but Tom and I always do that. Doug and I

 always did that, too. Look at us now. I'm telling you, we're

 fine. \"If you say so.\" If you say so. The doctors say

 she's gonna be fine. They're only keeping her in the hospital as

 a precaution. She'll be home in a few days. Oh, thank God.

 Hey. Well, look who's here. Can we please not have another ugly

 scene? I only came to check on Juanita. She's fine. Fantastic. So,

 I see you let our tomato plants wither, just like you did

 our relationship. Well, that's what happens when you grow needy, whiny tomatoes.

 Boys, boys, it's been a month. Can't you just kiss each other's

 bottoms and make up? Isn't that what they do? Who is that?

 She looks lost. Should we help her? Son of a bitch! -We

 should help her. - Son of a... Miss, is everything okay? No.

 I am so lost. I gave the cab driver the address, but

 I only had a 20, and it turns out that only gets

 you as far as Hibiscus Circle, so he dumped me and I

 had to walk in these shoes, which broke, and that is the

 last time I'm buying footwear over the Internet. Were you looking for

 Wisteria Lane? Yeah, that sounds right. Is my fish moving? If he

 goes belly-up, this is going to be the worst day ever. Who

 is it you're here to see? Paul Young. Really? Are you a

 friend of his? Well... Beth! Oh! Thought you were going to be

 here hours ago. Well, I see you've all met my wife. Sorry,

 it got really hot in here and I thought you'd be gone

 for a while. So how's Juanita? She okay? She's doing much better.

 Thank you for asking. Thank God. How are you doing? Me? I'm

 okay. How's the work coming? Pretty good. I was just getting ready

 to put... Shoot! It's on backwards. Bree? You sure you're okay? I'm

 fine. I'm fine. It's just been a very stressful day. I think

 I know what you need. It's okay. Hitting that little girl was

 an accident. It could've happened to anyone. I have to let you

 go! Huh? After you let me go. Everyone should just let go.

 Are you firing me? Why? You're too messy. Your tools are scattered

 everywhere. Well, this is a construction site. And you're getting paint all

 over the place. And that cologne of yours, it's overpowering. I don't

 wear cologne. That's just you? Oh, dear. Anyway, obviously I will pay

 you for the time you put in, but I think you should

 go. You can send me a check. Bye, guys. Have a great

 day. Aren't you going to work? My first class isn't until 11:00.

 I thought I'd spend the morning making more jewelry. Wow, you really

 are determined to bring in some extra money. You have no idea.

 And you don't let me put my feet on that table. Mike!

 What are you doing home so quick? I forgot my thermos. What

 are you wearing? Uh... I was just... Doing housework, obviously, and the

 air conditioning isn't working, so it got really hot in here. I'll

 say. Mind if I join you? No, no! Uh. Oh! Oh! You

 know what? Why don't we take this in the bedroom? What's wrong

 with right here? I am one lucky guy. I come home to

 a hot fantasy like this. Yup, and I'm one lucky girl to

 have a... Have a husband like you! Any luck finding an apartment?

 Not with my settlement. With New York prices, I'll be forced to

 live in a place smaller than this. Oh, my God. How will

 you keep from bumping into yourself? You know what I was thinking?

 Why don't I find a place here in Fairview? Fairview? Uh! No!

 No, no. You're a New Yorker. You love the theater, museums... You

 said yourself you can't even get a decent cup of coffee around

 here. No, I meant here, Lynette. Really, how hard is it to

 clean the pot? Hey. How did it go with the doctor? Yeah,

 can we talk about that? So, what did the doctor say? You're

 gonna wanna sit down. Tom, you are scaring me. What is it?

 I have postpartum depression. Come again? I know it sounds weird, but

 it's a recognized problem for fathers my age. I've got all the

 classic symptoms. Headaches, mood swings, fatigue. Wow. Tell me, did he check

 you for a yeast infection while he was down there, too? Why

 don't you learn the facts before you make fun of it? Yeah.

 I'm not buying it. Show me one stretch mark, one chapped nipple,

 then we'll talk about your postpartum. It's a legitimate medical condition. And

 you're the one who told me to go to the doctor. So

 you could be of some use around here, not so you could,

 oh, \"Take long baths \"or get in some extra naps.\" Do me

 a favor, read the whole pamphlet. Gosh, I wish I could, Tom,

 unfortunately, I have to take care of my other baby. I love

 the house. Oh. I did the best I could. I think it

 needs a woman's touch. Oh! I don't have much experience with decorating.

 If I so much as moved a chair, Mama would throw a

 fit. Then you must be happy to finally have your own home.

 I guess. Look at this, no Plexiglas. I never dreamed the day

 would come when I could reach out and touch you. I didn't

 either. There is one thing I'll miss about prison, your letters. Some

 days they were the only things keeping me going. I'm glad you

 liked them. Thank you, again, for going to so much trouble. Dinner

 is wonderful. I wanted tonight to be special. Since the prison didn't

 allow conjugal visits, this is kind of our wedding night. About that,

 I can't wait to start cooking for you and making things nice

 around here, but there are certain other wifely duties that I don't

 want to rush into. Oh. We're still getting to know each other.

 Mama said you'd understand. Oh, I suppose I do. You're not upset?

 Of course not. There's more to marriage than sex. Oh, Mrs. Solis?

 Can I talk to you? If this is about Juanita and the

 dessert cart, I told you not to leave it unattended. No, I

 was reviewing her chart and I realized we still had a couple

 of questions. Is she allergic to any medications? Not that I'm aware

 of. Okay. All her vaccinations up to date? Yes. And how old

 was she when you adopted her? I know it's hard to believe

 that the little acorn gave birth to the mighty oak, but believe

 me, I did. Okay, maybe I'm confused, but the other day when

 we talked about possible blood transfusions, you told me you and your

 husband were type O. Yeah, we are. So? Well, your daughter is

 type A. Two O's can't have an A. Oh. Never mind. Whoa!

 Whoa! Whoa! What was that? What was that \"never mind\"? It's none

 of my business. No, no, tell me. What are you implying? Nothing.

 I'm simply stating that the odds of Mr. Solis being the biological

 father of a type A baby are roughly nil. Are you suggesting

 I cheated on him? I'm simply stating that the odds of Mr.

 Solis being the biological father... Listen, nursie, I know you spend your

 days emptying bedpans and shaving the groins of senior citizens, but there's

 no drama here. I have been faithful to my husband. I have

 nothing to hide. Give me that. Oh! Good morning. Good morning. Did

 you have trouble sleeping? I was up kind of late. Boy, that

 Tom sure can talk. You were up with Tom? Huh? Oh! Yeah.

 I guess he had a lot on his mind. No surprise, after

 the way things went between you two yesterday. He was complaining about

 that? Oh, I don't want to get in the middle. Honey, you

 had a pajama party with my husband at 3:00 in the morning.

 You're in the middle. Well, Tom feels that you don't listen to

 him. Sure I do. I heard that whole spiel about male postpartum,

 otherwise known by its initials, BS. See, that's just the thing. He

 thinks you hear, but you don't listen. Okay. Okay, you stop. I

 don't need you troubleshooting my marriage. And I don't want you having

 any more of these little conversations with my husband. Okay, fine. \"I

 mean it.\" And I mean it. There you are! I called you

 an hour ago. I was at school. Hi, sweetie, the kids in

 your class made you a poster. Look what Brittany said. Yeah, yeah,

 she loves it. Come on. Come on. What is going on? Do

 you remember eight years ago when we went on that ski weekend?

 Uh, vaguely. No, no, no. It can't be vaguely. I need you

 to focus. Okay. Okay. Remember how you and I had dinner with

 that French guy? The one you referred to as Le Package? Exactly.

 Okay. Tell me everything you remember. Ooh! I remember I had the

 fondue and I lost my strawberry and the waiter almost caught me

 when I put my... I'm talking about me and The Package! Why

 are you yelling at me? Because I'm mad! You went off to

 bed and left me and Frenchie drinking at the hotel bar, and

 friends don't let friends flirt drunk! Now, for the love of God,

 do you at least remember when I came back to the room?

 I remember the sun was coming up. Oh, God. Gabby, you're not

 saying... Yeah. I think Juanita might be French. When Carlos returned from

 his business trip, he stopped at the hospital to visit his daughter,

 who had been sleeping peacefully. Then he came home to see his

 wife, who had been plotting frantically. Oh, you're awake. Mmm. You're really

 awake. Carlos? What are you doing? Me? I just got into bed,

 you climbed on top of me. I did? Yeah, you were kind

 of making out with me, not that I'm complaining. Oh, no. It's

 happening again. What are you talking about? My sexsomnia. Your what? Yeah.

 It's like sleepwalking, except instead of using your legs, you use your...

 You know. Sexsomnia. It's real. Look it up. Since when have you

 had that? Well, definitely before the girls were born. I've never seen

 you do it before. Well, it mostly only happens when I'm really

 tired. Like when I work out too much or go skiing. Then

 first thing tomorrow I'm checking out airfare to Aspen. No, no, no.

 It's not a joke. It's dangerous. It doesn't matter who I'm next

 to. I could have sex and not even know it. Wow. Well,

 since you're up... No, I'm too tired and ashamed. Good night. Hey,

 I thought I'd return this. I borrowed it from Orson a while

 back. Thank you. So, where's that Chippendale dancer you hired to fix

 your house? If you mean my contractor, his name is Keith. And

 I had to let him go. Why? You catch him grating cheese

 on his abs? It just wasn't working out. It must've been pretty

 bad for you to kick that shirtless wonder out of your front

 yard. I was finally reaching my target heart rate on my walk.

 You mean at your age you still have urges? I'm not dead,

 Bree. I may like my bed and my food soft, but I

 like my men... Okay, okay. Just curious. I guess I was hoping...

 Hoping what? That one day I might outgrow all this. Ah! That's

 why you fired Keith. I just can't have him around. He's too

 distracting. And I refuse to make a fool of myself. And how

 would that happen? Well, let me run the numbers for you. My

 marriage ended six days ago. Keith is 15 years too young for

 me. And my track record with lovers, two dead, one in a

 wheelchair. Bree, I can't tell you how to live your life. All

 I know is that not living your life isn't the answer. I've

 just never been very good at taking risks. Well, then get good.

 Because, take my word for it, once they turn into regrets, it's

 too late. Hi. Don't feel like you have to help or anything.

 Cool. Ugh! Where's your dad? His car's gone. He and Renee went

 out to dinner. He and Renee? Yeah, they went to that French

 restaurant Dad likes. They said you can join them if you want.

 Oh, I want. Okay. You unload these groceries and look after your

 sister. No. I've got plans tonight. I don't want to get stuck

 babysitting. Cool. Hey. Hey. Good, you got the message. Loud and clear.

 So, you guys sure look like you're discussing something heavy. What's up?

 To be honest, I was talking about you and your tendency to

 be critical. And how frustrating it is to have my feelings invalidated

 whenever I bring up something you don't like. Uh-huh. Renee, sidebar. Did

 I or did I not tell you to butt the hell out

 of my marriage? What did I do? I was just finishing my

 dessert and listening to the guy talk. \"How frustrating it is to

 have my feelings invalidated.\" That's got your $500-an-hour shrink written all over

 it. I was just trying to help. That's a load of crap.

 You need a project. And since you're currently without a house to

 remodel, you've decided to put the wrecking ball to my marriage. Oh,

 please. This is what you do. You take other people's lives apart

 for your own amusement. And then you get the fun of putting

 them back together. Well, I'm not letting you do it this time.

 My marriage is not some guest bathroom in your summer house. Fine.

 Let's just say you're right and I'm a terrible person. But there's

 still a man in there who's in pain, and his wife won't

 listen to him. That's not my doing. I think this sidebar is

 over. Hey, Susan. Hey. Those are beautiful. What's the occasion? I called

 the bank to see if they would give us an extension on

 our car payment. And the guy told me you already paid it.

 I had a good week with my jewelry. You're amazing. You teach,

 you bust your ass with this jewelry business, and then I come

 home yesterday and here you are, happy as can be, working to

 make this place a home. I'm so lucky to have a wife

 like you. Wow. There you go. That's quite a haul. You know,

 you're getting good at this. I didn't think that was gonna happen.

 I'm also getting good at lying to my husband. I didn't think

 that was going to happen, either. Hello, Keith. How'd you find me?

 Did you follow the scent of my nonexistent cologne? No. Your answering

 service said I might find you here. I was a little out

 of sorts the other day, and, well, long story short, I was

 hoping you'd consider coming back. I've got a buddy, loves sports cars.

 I told him to buy an old Pontiac GTO. They run great,

 they're easy to work on. But he bought a Maserati. The thing

 is always in the shop. Very temperamental, a real pain in the

 ass. You seem like kind of a Maserati to me. I'm no

 Maserati, Keith. I'm a family sedan with a beige interior who's going

 through a divorce. Well, I'm sorry about that, but I'm still gonna

 pass. I need you. You've seen my house. It's kind of a

 mess. And the truth is, my life's kind of a mess, too.

 When you came in, with all your energy and your wonderful ideas,

 I started feeling like maybe you were gonna help me put it

 all back together. My house, not my life. I just want you

 to work on the house. Wow. I really do sound like a

 Maserati. Um. Thanks for listening. Hey! Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

 Oh, my God! Are you all right? I didn't see you there.

 You've got great legs. You ever consider just jogging from place to

 place? What were you doing behind my car? I thought about what

 you said. It'd be a shame if we didn't finish what we

 started. Are you sure? It's a big job and the boss is

 kind of nutty. I love a challenge. Now, can I get your

 insurance information? So, how are you doing? What's this? Genuine concern? No

 asking if my breasts feel swollen or if it's a heavy-flow day?

 I know I was dismissive before, and I want to apologize. I

 read the pamphlet, and it actually made sense. Becoming a new dad

 at your age can be pretty scary. I mean, just looking at

 that little girl and knowing you might not be around for her

 wedding... Is this supposed to be helping me? I'm saying it's real,

 and I get it. And now, in order to demonstrate that I'm

 a loving and caring wife, I have two options. One, we can

 have a long, sensitive conversation about your feelings. Or option two... As

 much as I like option two, I think tonight I wanna talk.

 You got it. What's that? I got you a little something. Oh!

 Try it on. Paul, this isn't really my style. Let me be

 the judge of that. We talked about this. You said we could

 take it slow. It's been almost a week. Isn't that slow enough?

 Try it. Maybe it'll put you in the mood. It won't. Come

 on. Paul, no. How could you possibly think I would wear something

 like this? What are those? The letters you sent me in prison.

 Oh. Read this... -Paul, please don't get upset. -...out loud. \"I long

 for you to kiss my neck, \"to whisper in my ear while

 you unbutton my blouse.\" Go on. \"And then make love to me

 all night long.\" Did you write these? It was a fantasy. I

 never thought it would be real. It is real. Paul, please. We're

 married now. What did you expect? I thought you would stay in

 prison! I didn't mean that. I'm sorry. It's not a surprise to

 me that you have some issues. I mean, you married a man

 in prison for murder. Clearly, you are a disturbed young woman. The

 good news is I'm willing to help you. All I ask in

 return is for a little affection. Do you think you can offer

 me that? I'll try. Good. I'm a patient man, Beth, but just

 so we're clear, I won't be patient forever. Don't worry, I cleaned

 the pot. The way things have been going lately, I'm not as

 worried about taste as I am poison. Look, what you did was

 borderline evil, but you were right to make me talk to Tom.

 So, I thank you for being a good friend and don't ever

 do it again. You're welcome. You know, when I don't feel like

 killing you, I think I like having you around. Good to know,

 since I just rented the most charming bungalow right here on Wisteria

 Lane. You're kidding. Edie's old house? Wow, that is so... Wonderful? Close.

 I am trying to calm the baby but apparently I don't have

 the right equipment. Did you hear the big news? Renee is moving

 in just a stone's throw away from us. You do know that's

 just an expression, right? We'll see. You really think it's a good

 idea for you to move here? Of course. It'll be a nice

 fresh start. Plus, I can be close to my dear friend. It's

 just... I want to be sure... Tom, that was a million years

 ago. It doesn't matter. She can never know what happened between us.

 Have you seen my wife? Yeah, she's in the cafeteria. Oh, while

 I've got you, could I have you sign these release forms? Then

 you'll be able to take Juanita home. What's this torn page on

 her chart? Let's just say your wife has a bit of a

 temper. What happened? Well, it's not really my place, but she did

 have a strong reaction when I told her your daughter's blood type.

 Gabby did this? I need you to tell me exactly what happened.

 Oh, crap! Gabby? Come back here! It's not my fault! I have

 a disorder! Gabby, we have to talk! Damn it! Ah! Gabby! See

 you in about two seconds. Okay, here's what happened. It was on

 that ski weekend, eight years ago. I don't normally go for French

 guys, but you know how I get when I drink too much

 champagne? What? I didn't think I slept with him, but I must

 have, because why else would our daughter have type A blood? You're

 not killing me. Why aren't you killing me? Baby, come with me.

 There's something I have to tell you. There are certain kinds of

 pain that can't be treated in a hospital. So those who are

 suffering do what they can to heal themselves. Some cure the ache

 of loneliness by making new friends. Some soothe their excruciating guilt with

 an infusion of cash. Some alleviate their burning desire with small acts

 of kindness. But sadly there will always be those who can't begin

 to heal because they realize there is more pain yet to come."}

