 ":"Previously

 on... Desperate housewives sounds to me as if someone'slet go of his

 rage. - Maybe I have. - Well,i haven'T. Felicia took matters into

 her own hands. You want me to call offthe wedding,I'll do it.

 I'll do whatever you want. Karl put the ball in susan's court...

 with your D.U.I. Charge,it could get ugly. While andrew tried to take

 bree to court... - there's a father. - He's a kid! Gabrielle

 and carlos took the baby... the papers aren't valid anymore. Do you

 really wanna leave this beautiful little girl with that white trash freak

 show? And ran with it. louisa pate believed in the power of

 shame. As a teacher,she had found that the best way to control

 unruly students was to instill a strong sense of shame... in their

 parents. I left trisha alonewith the school hamster for only five minutes.

 In this boxis all that's left of patches. For show and tell,timmy

 decidedto bring in something from your husband's collection of nazi memorabilia. Billy's

 been threateningto beat up the other kids for their milk money. We

 found the proceedsin his cubby. Of course,mrs. Pate also knew when it

 came to unruly children, some parents had more reason to be ashamed...

 than others. So,um... your message saidthat parker had been involved in some

 sortof serious incident. What--what kindof incident? Yesterday afternoon, parker offered a cookieto

 cindy lou peeples if she wouldshow him her vagina. What kind of

 cookie? What does that matter? Oh,it doesn'T. I'm just stalling becauseI am

 completely mortified. The kids were in a broom closet. Our janitor walked

 in on them just as cindy was lifting up her pinafore. Oh,my

 goodness. I'm sure you've noticedhow obsessive parker can be. A certain subjectwill

 catch his interest, and that's all he'll talk aboutfor weeks and weeks.

 Oh,right.That happened with dinosaurs. Oh,yes,we all rememberhis dinosaur phase. More fondly now

 than ever. so you thinkthat now he's obsessed with... what's underneaththe pinafore.

 Yes. Look,I thinkhe's just developed a normal curiosityabout the human body. You

 need to talk to him. Remind him what's appropriateand what isn'T. Of

 course.I will talk to him. I'll talk to himtill I'm blue in

 the face. I promise. Take care. Yes,louisa pate believed in the power

 of shame. She always believed,when someone has that power... so,mrs. Peeples, you'll

 never guess what your daughter is willingto do for a gingersnap. It's

 a shame not to use it. www.ydy.com/bbs Proudly Presents Sync: YTET-Starry -==www.ydy.com/bbs==-

 Desperate housewives Season 2 Episode 19 It had been six weeks since

 andrew van de kamp had declared war on his mother bree. The

 final battle was about to be waged at the fairview county courthouse.

 Bree knew it was about to get bloody. What she didn't know

 was... the calvary was on its way... bree? Whether she wanted them

 there or not. Eleanor! Oh,thank god I found you. This place is

 a maze. What are you doing here? Well,your father and I got

 a call last night from danielle, and she said that andrew was

 taking you to court. I mean,to say that we were shocked would

 be an understatement. Hello,I'm eleanor mason, bree's stepmother. You're the lawyer? We

 should talk. Uh,no,I'm not her lawyer. Good. The hair had me worried.

 Peter is mom's sponsor from A.A. Oh,sweetie! since when are you in

 A.A.? It's a recent development. Where's dad? In chambers with the judge.

 What?! Why? Everything is fine. The judge agreed to a postponement. Oh,thank

 god! Luckily,he remembered me. I spoke once at his law school. Pardon

 me,sir, I'm your daughter's lawyer. Just so you know,we've been waiting for

 this hearing for weeks, son,I've been an attorney for 45 years. You

 and I both know how these cases can turn into public spectacles.

 Our family is perfectly capable of handling this - ...in house. -

 Dad,you don't understand. This has gotten really ugly. That's why we're here.

 We're gonna put this family back together. Whatever it takes. and that's

 when mr. And mrs. Solis, fearing for the welfare of this helpless

 child, fled the hospital. You mean,they kidnapped her. Well,technically,that's true,but given the

 situation that led up to the rescue... kidnapping. Your honor,yes, in retrospect,the

 plan was a little bit rash,not entirely well thought out. Idiotic. can

 we object to that? But the child is safe,your honor. And all

 we ask the court is to allow baby lily a lifetime of

 the care and love she has been receiving from the solises. As

 much as your story tugs at my heart, there is the issue

 of parental rights. What does the state have to say about this?

 We have located the biological father-- mr. Dale helm. Unfortunately,uh,circumstances require that

 he be out of town. He's in fort lauderdale today. On business?

 Spring break,actually. Mr. Helm is a high school student. Charming. In between

 keg stands, did the father happen to mention if he plans to

 waive parental rights? I've left a number of voice mails, but the

 only response I've gotten is a text message that says this \"blows

 his mind\" and he's extremely \"bummed out.\" All right... mr. And mrs.

 Solis, since you actually want lily, it seems you're the lesser of

 two evils. I'm granting you temporary custody until we can get a

 straight answer from the birth father. Thank you, uh,your honor. In the

 meantime,try not to steal any more babies. Oh,we just needed the one.

 sweetie? Um,could you put the crayons down for a second? We need

 to talk. So I spoke to your teacher today, and she told

 me about the... cookie deal you made with cindy lou. Oh. Are

 you mad? no,not exactly. I'm just... I'm trying to understand why you...

 did that. Tommy keenan told me babies come from down there. It

 doesn't sound right to me. Well... actually,he's kinda right. He's got the

 concept down. That's weird. How's a baby get in there? Daddy will

 be home from his business trip in a few days. Why don't

 you wait for him? - Okay. - Okay. Or I can ask

 tommy's brother. He's 14, and he knows everything. And then the mommy

 and the daddy, because they love each other so much, they hug.

 Real tight. And,uh,a seed is magically implanted. and nine months later... a

 baby is born. Here. What kind of seed? Oh,that's not important. I

 don't believe you. Parker,I'm your mother. Mothers don't lie to their sons.

 Now go wash your hands or santa's not gonna bring youanything for

 christmas. I just saw edie drive off. How long is she gonna

 be gone? I don't know.She just went to show a house. Move.

 What's the problem? You mauled mein edie's bed last night. I think

 that deservesa conversation. Well,what's there to talkabout? I'm just a fool in

 love. Oh,no!You don't mean that. Yes,I do. Look,I realizemy timing's a little

 off. a little? Ugh... the helium hasn't evengone out of the balloons

 from your engagement party. okay... when are you gonna tell edie? Tell

 her what? - That the wedding's off. - Is it? - Well,isn't

 it? - It's up to you. Are... are you saying... that you're

 gonnago through with this wedding... unless I tell you not to? Just

 give me a commitment,susie Q., And I'll put a bullet in edie.

 This is insane! Come on. All thiscan be yours again. Just say

 the word... and I let go. Oh,no!No,don't you dare! You know you

 want me to.Just say it,susie Q. You're... sick! zach,I'm going to the

 drugstore. I'll be back in 20 minutes. Whoa! Oh! paul?! I was

 making cookies,and iheard the most sickening thud. Are you okay? There'S... shortening

 on my doorstep. Shortening? That's the last thingyou'd want on your front

 porch. It's meant for baking. She's so adorable and I just love

 the name Lily it wasmy grandmother's name. So how you holding up?You

 must be exhausted. You know,I'm a little tired, but it's not too

 bad. Oh,wait a couple months. She'll startsleeping through the night. Oh,honey,please.Do I

 look like a masochist? Firs thing tomorrow,I'm hiringa nanny and a night

 nurse. No,we're not. my husband,the comedian. I'm serious. I don't wantsome stranger

 raising our baby. Well,you guys are busy.We should go. No,it's okay.I'll win

 this battle later. We are not gonna besome yuppie couple pawning off

 our kid on otherpeople. - End of discussion. - Yeah,you should go.

 Yeah.Okay,bye. Good luck. put down the burrito. What is all this crapabout

 me not getting help? Look,a brand-new babyneeds to bond with its mother.

 The church knows it,scienceknows it,nature knows it. We have the money. What

 is wrongwith getting a little help? Then I'll be ableto relax once

 in a while, and I'll be ableto be a better mother. You

 wanna bea better mother? Do what my mam* did-- make sacrifices. My

 mam* worked her fingers to the bone for me. And that's what

 put herin an early grave! Well,thatand the hit-and-run thing. look,I don't know

 whyyou want to be emancipated, and I don't know what you'vebeen doing

 to drive him crazy. Bottom line-- it's over. It's now time for

 you twoto kiss and make up. And just howare we supposed to

 do that? Here's a thought... just look each otherin the eye and

 say, \"I forgive you.\" that's your solution? It's actuallya technique invented by

 this dutch therapist. I saw him on tv. He says,if you verbalize

 forgiveness, the brain can trick the heartinto letting go of resentment. It

 really works. I did itwith our cleaning lady. Um,I'm sorry,dad,but I thinkmy

 relationship with andrew - is just a bit more complicatedthan-- - would

 it kill youto at least try? I'll do it... for you,grandpa. That's

 my boy. Bree? Fine! Yes,um... so,um,who goes first? Either or.Doesn't matter. Mom,

 I forgive you. Andrew, I forgive you. That wasn't so hard,was it?

 Now don't expectto feel differently right away. It takes a while. It

 took me a weekto forgive esperanza. But now she's like family again.

 Family who stole from us. So let's get backto the way we

 were, and forget all this nonsenseabout emancipation. Um... well,grandpa,I'm--I'm stillgonna need my

 trust fund. You see,I-I can't live in a place where I... I

 don't feel safe. What are you talking about? Well,could you livewith a

 woman who hits you? - Bree! - I slapped him once,and he

 deserved it. Well,I just asked herto stop drinking. You were drinking? She's

 in A.A.Her sponsor has long hair. Andrew,I find your concern ironic, given

 how tanked you werewhen you ran over our neighbor's motherwith your car.

 Is she okay? She's dead! Well... mom watched as her boyfriendcommitted suicide.

 And he was the same guy who killed dad! Andrew falsely accused

 meof molestation... in a mall! You know,the technique works best if you

 don't talk right away. Okay,let's go. I don't wannabe late for the

 movie. Oh,those are pretty.Who sent those? What? \"Say the word and I'm

 yours.Love,karl.\" Mom,I knew this would happen when you started hanging around together,

 all of your old feeling sresurfacing. No,his feelings. He's the one with

 the feelings,not me. Uh-huh. Okay,don't \"uh-huh\" me. You'renot old enough to do

 that. Oh,no?Well,how do you like this-- I'm not gonna go to the

 movies with you. You're gonna make mego by myself? Well,you could alwaysask

 dad to go. In fact,if you love him so much, why don't

 you marry him? Oh,wait,you already did. Twice. Oh,you know what? I think

 we're gonna needsome napkins with this. Oh,okay,I'll go back. Thanks. My ex-boyfriend's

 here.If he sees me alone,I'll die. I'm begging you,please,act like you know

 me. Susan? Hey! Mike,hi! what a surprise. How are ya?Good. Oh!God,I--I'm being

 so rude. Um,mike,I-I want you to meet... orson hodge. Nice to meet

 you,mike. Wow,I can't believe I'm finally seeingthe man himself in the flesh.

 So... how'd you two meet? Oh,god,I've beenher dentist for years. but last

 week,I was looking in her mouth and decidedto stick my tongue in

 it. I'll see ya,susan. thank you so muchfor helping me out. Hey,I'm

 great in a crisis. well,I definitely pickedthe right person to sit next

 to. Actually,is this seat taken? - No. - Okay,you can sharemy popcorn.

 Um,susan... this is becky. I'll probably be sharing her popcorn. I'll just

 waittill the lights go out, and then I'll... while I get this

 going,can you bring out the buns? Uh,yeah. - what the hell?- You

 all right? This isn't lighter fluid.It's gasoline. What? How'd that get in

 there? How do you think? Something smells goodover there. Well,I don't understand.

 Is she trying to kill you? No,she's tryingto piss me off. Why?

 I'm not sure yet, but I do knowI'm not gonna play along.

 We got plenty of burgersif you want to pop over. And bring

 your appetite. gaby,the baby. No,I got up twice already.It's your turn. Gaby,I

 have severaljob interviews tomorrow. I need my sleep. What about my sleep?

 You sleepwhen the baby sleeps. Every 40 minutes? When am I supposedto

 have a life? What are you whining about? You know,xiao-mei doesall the

 housework around here. All you have to dois take care of the

 baby. Fine,fine,fine! xiao-mei. wake up. Mrs. Solis? Something wrong? the baby won't

 stop crying, and I haven't sleptfor two days. Will you please take

 lily for a while? oh,come on. I won't make youdo windows tomorrow.

 Okay. What do I do? Well,she's a baby.You hold her. You bounce

 her and, I don't know,maybe sing a little something. Ahh. Oh,and xiao-mei,

 mr. Solis does not need to know about this,okay? - Okay. -

 Okay. yeah,honey,can youtake that downstairs? Thank you. Eleanor,I thought you'd gone to

 bed. Oh,no,not yet.I had to do my hair now. There's never enough

 timein the morning. Uh,sit. There's somethingI have to discuss with you. Your

 father and ihave decided to take andrew back to rhode islandwith us.

 Really? And whose idea was that? Andrew'S. But henry and I feelit's

 the right thing to do. Absolutely not. If we leave him here,

 the two of youwill wind up in court, and I'm notgoing to

 allow that. Do you really think that I am enjoying airingmy dirty

 laundry in public? This whole situationis mortifying. But I can't back downbecause

 he is my son, and I need more timeto get through to

 him. You never give up. I've always admired thatabout you. When you

 were a kid, you used to makethese peanut butter cookies that were

 god-awful. But you kept baking them, and you kept forcing everyoneto eat

 them. you were so determinedto get them right. My mother didn't thinkthey

 were awful. When I made those same cookiesfor her, she loved them.

 Well,some peoplepraise children even whenthey don't deserve it. Oh,but not you. With

 you,I had to work forevery kind word I ever got. Well,you always

 resented mebecause of my high standards. No. I resented you because those

 were kick-asspeanut butter cookies. We're taking andrew. Eleanor,please... he hates you,bree. Your

 own son. You know,part of being an adult is admitting that you've

 failed, and then moving on... with grace. Do you really think that

 I ama failure as a parent? well,I'd love to lieand say something

 supportive, but as you pointed out, that was moreyour mother's thing. Xiao-mei?

 So sorry.I just take break. Oh,no,xiao-mei,that's okay. That's okay. I know you

 were up all nightwith the baby, and I reallyappreciate it. You know,I'm

 very grateful for everythingyou've been doing for lily. So to thank you,I

 bought youa gift certificate to my spa. And you can take a

 whole day offand just really pamper yourself. - Really?- Mm-hmm. Thank you!

 Oh,thank you! Oh,you're welcome. All right,lily needsto be bathed and put to

 bed. I don't wanna missmy yoga class. Hi. Hi,pretty girl. Oh,yes,mommy has

 to go. Mommy has to go, so she can stay pretty and

 thinand you can be proud of her. motherhoodis such a blessing. I

 hope you getto experience it one day. becauseit's not a big deal!

 - \"it's not a big deal\"? Okay! - It's not that far

 away. - Right. Oh,it's notthat far away? - Dude,it--whatever,okay? You didn't even

 care to tell me before?Bye. justin,what happened? Andrew just told me he'smoving

 in with his grandparents. They live so far away, I'm never gonnasee

 him anymore. I'm so sorry. I know that you're good friends. We're

 more than friends,mrs. Van de kamp. I love him. Oh. Why? Why?

 Yes.I'd be curious to know just what it isyou see in him.

 Well,when my parentsfirst heard I was gay, they kicked me out. They

 said I had debasedthe entire family and that they couldn'tlove me anymore

 until I changed. But andrew-- he said that i should be ashamed

 of them, 'cause they were too stupidto know how great I was.

 That's the thingabout andrew. He doesn't take crapfrom anyone. How can you

 notlove someone like that? You know,it never ceases to amaze me how

 people can turn their backson their own family. I mean--but it happensevery

 day,doesn't it? I guess. You know,justin,if youwould be willing to help, I'm

 pretty sure that I could find a wayto keep andrew from moving.

 What do you say? I'm home. - Oh,hi. - Hey,mrs. Mccluskey. So

 how did everything go? Fine. Penny fussed a bit. I think her

 molars are coming in. Oh. And the twinsfought over the remote. There's

 nothing new there. No. here's the big news-- parker offered me a

 fudgsicleif I would show him my vagina. Oh,good god,lynette,relax.I didn't do it.

 I just got thisout of the freezer a second ago. Uh,yeah. Of

 course.No,sorry. Apparently,parker wanted to puta sunflower seed inside me and see if

 a baby would grow. Where do kids get this stuff? Oh... that

 was me. He was asking aboutthe birds and the bees, and I

 fudgeda few of the details. Well,he's only 7 years old. I don't

 think he needsto know everything yet. I don't wanna rob himof his

 innocence. Well,now,that's where you're wrong. You get 'emwhen they're young. Give themall

 the gory details. And then when they're goodand disgusted,you shame 'em. Excuse

 me? You tell themsex is dirty and wrong and he shouldn'ttalk about

 it, and if he does,he's going straight to hell. that is ridiculous.

 Spoken likea true liberal idiot. No,I'm notgonna shame my son. Mm,I'm telling

 ya,it works. It keeps peoplein their place, it keeps parentsfrom being humiliated,

 and it keeps me fromhaving to spend the afternoon talking about my

 woo-woo. In your haste to duck out beforethe credits rolled,you... oh,my god!Oh,thank

 you so much. I stuck a card in there, just in case

 you ever wanted to purposely sit next to meat a movie,so... orson,I'm

 flattered.Uh,really. you--you don't wanna date me. I-I mean,my love life is justso

 complicated right now. Well... no,I won't bore youwith the details. So the

 ex-boyfriend has no ideayou're secretly married to the ex-husband, who still loves

 you, but unless you give hima reason not to, is gonna marrythe

 neighborhood slut? Did I call edie a slut? Well,that's overstating it.Edie's not

 a slut. She's just... popularwith indiscriminate men. Anyway... yes,those arethe relevant players.

 Okay. Now I'm absolutelyhorrified that I'm about to saywhat I'm about to

 say, but there's nobody else I cantalk to who won't judge me.

 And sinceyou're a complete stranger, I'll probablynever see you again unless I

 randomlyrun into you on the street, in which case,you'll ignore me'cause you

 know how crazy I am. So here goes... I'm having feelingsfor karl

 again. does that make mea terrible person? You wantmy unvarnished opinion? Lay

 it on me. It doesn't make youa terrible person, but it does

 make you A... well... a sucker. This karl's a coward. He wants

 you to be the heavyand take all the responsibility. If you're having

 feelingsfor a guy like that, I say run ...far,far away. He lives

 three houses down. Hmm.Well,good luck to you,then. but like I said,if you'reinterested

 in a tooth whitening, my card'sstill in your wallet. Xiao-mei? Xiao-mei? I'm

 late to meetmrs. Van de kamp. I'll be backin a little while.

 bree...I'm so sorry I'm late. Oh,honey,it's all right. I mean,with the new

 baby at home, I'm surprisedyou made it at all. Ooh,I'll have a

 drink.Anything with an umbrella. So tell me,how are you doing? I mean,your

 entire worldmust be turned upside down. You must be exhausted. You know,it's

 been challenging,but I-I soldier on. (Chuckles) so what about you?You look so

 rested. I just got a massageat misty spring. Things have beena little

 tense at home, and I needed an hourto relax. Good for you.I

 love that spa. oh,by the way,while I was there, I saw your,uh,

 your housekeeper. Xiao-mei? Oh,no,you must be mistaken. I just left her. She's

 at home working. Are you sure? I was talkingto her in the

 steam room for about 20 minutes. - What? - Yeah, apparently you

 gave hera gift certificate. lily? Lily,mommy's coming! Oh,thank god!Oh,honey,I'm so sorry. I'm

 never gonnaleave you again. Oh! Yes. Yes. I'm home! My interview got

 canceled. oh,that's my little girl. Your chakra lining up nicefor mommy? That's

 my girl. hey,let me take her off your chest so you can

 do your yoga. No! No,no,no.We're doing just fine. Aren't we,lily? bridezilla's got

 meauditioning wedding bands, and I'm clueless aboutedie's taste in music. What do

 you thinkof these guys? That's why you brought me down here? Karl,you

 made it sound likeit was an emergency. It is! I need to

 have somebodyto dance with so I can see if these guys have

 the powerto help me get my groove on. Karl...uh-oh! Oh,that's right. You

 like it laid-backand romantic,don't you? Guys,can we playsomething mellow? No,don't bother,'cause I'm

 going. two... - you are so beautiful... - that was nota coincidence.

 This was playingthe night we first kissed. it's our song. Remember? I

 remember. I also remember that you are planningon marrying someone else. Not

 if you don'twant me to. Come on,susie Q. I can see you

 stillhave feelings for me, and I know I havenever stopped loving you.

 Okay,you want the truth? I don't knowhow I feel about you, but

 I keep looking at you, trying to see if you've changed,if you've

 grown up. You know what I see? I see the same weak

 coward that walked out on methree years ago. Of course I've changed.

 I don't think so. so I think you shouldprobably stay with edie.

 and the band is good. You should hire 'em. what the hell?

 For god's sakes... what the hellare you doing in there?! This is

 my house.What are you doing? We're tenting for termites.We got a work

 order. Signed by who? Paul... I've never been so embarrassedin my whole

 life. They're supposedto be tenting my house. I must've writtenthe address down

 wrong. muchachos,mi casa est* aqu? You've taken it too farthis time. These

 little mind gamesare gonna stop right now! and ifthey don't,whatcha gonna do?

 Blow out your brainslike your wife did? - ahh! - hey,hey! -

 Hey,you okay? - Did you hear that? He assaulted mefor an honest

 mistake. God knows what would've happenedif you hadn't been here. Let go!

 Dad,dad,dad.Come on. Come on.Come on,okay? I talked to mrs. Mccluskey,and for god's

 sakes,parker, you can't ask people things like that. Why? Because... it's rude.

 I said \"please.\" Well,that doesn't matter! You gotta quit talkingto people about

 their bodies, and about where,you know,babies come from. - Why? - because

 it's notan appropriate subject. Why? Because it's not. - Why? - Ugh!

 Because it's dirty and wrong, and I'll wash your mouth outwith soap!

 That's why. In that moment, lynette saw a look on her son's

 face she had never seen before... and she thought of the look

 he had on his face when he had become obsessed with dinosaurs...

 obsessed with baseball and obsessed with trains. And it occurred to lynette

 she didn't need to shame her son. All he needed was a

 brand-new obsession. But I thought you saidwe couldn't have a puppy. Well...

 it turns outwe really needed one. You can go and play. And

 though she didn't know it at the time, it would be another

 three years before parker scavo would ever ask about sex again. Karl.

 What's going on? Uh,I'm on my wayto a motel. I-I just wanted

 to let you knowthat the wedding is off. It is? I told

 edieI wasn't in love with her-- at least,not in the waythat she

 deserves. Wow. Why did you changeyour mind? I mean,I hope it wasn't

 because of me,because I told you-- it wasn't for you. No? You

 were right. I have been a coward. I was a coward three

 years ago when I walked out on the two most important peoplein

 my life. And I was being a cowardwith edie. I mean,to even

 consider marrying her when I know what real passionand real love feels

 like. Anyway,I-I-I just thoughtI'd let you know. Karl... you look pretty beat

 up. why--why don't you...why don't you come in and... we'll crack opena

 bottle of wine. Come on. All right,here we go. This is the

 lastof andrew's things. Once we tape up these boxes,we can start loading

 the car. I'm proud of you,bree. You're being awfully bigabout this. Well,I

 have to admit,I was a bit upset at first. But then it

 hit me. You're his grandparents. You should bond, get to know the

 real andrew. oh,dad,I-I forgot to warn you. These are someof andrew's adult

 videos. I don't approve,but boys will be boys. Oh,henry,stop looking at that

 filth. I don't get it. Where are the women? What are you

 talking about? This is all just a bunch of... naked men. Sweet

 mother of god.What the hell are they doing? I don't know,and I

 don'teven know what I'm looking at. Henry,this is pornographyfor ho-homosexuals. Oh,shoot! I

 wish youhadn't gone through that. Now we have to havean unpleasant conversation,

 and we were havingsuch a nice time. Bree,is... is andrew... gay? Oh,dad,andrew

 hates labels. I'm sure it's just a phase. Excuse me, but he

 has a magazine titled\"leather daddies in love.\" That does not sound likea

 phase to me. Maybe not,but it's no longer my concern now that

 he'll be livingwith you. We have to havea serious talk. Let's don't

 freak outabout this. The dutch therapist says-- forget the dutch therapist!In the

 kitchen! now! hey,where's grandma and grandpa? I need to startloading up my

 stuff. Oh,they,uh,they already left. Wait... they left? Without me? Uh,yeah,they wrote you

 a letter. It seems they came acrosssome personal items of yours that,

 um, upset them. They're taking awaymy trust fund? They can't do that!

 Well,actually they can. I mean,it's their money todispense with as they see

 fit. I knowit doesn't seem fair,but-- no,it's really unfair. In fact,it sucks.

 What--what am I supposedto do now? Well,now that you can't affordto become

 emancipated, I guess you're gonnahave to stay here with me. Andrew,we can

 make this work. We just haveto let go of our anger. No.

 Oh,I,um,had a chance to have a nice chatwith justin the other day.

 He really seems very sweet. I've invited him overfor dinner tonight. I

 hope you don't mind. Now I wish I hadn'ttorched our wedding photos.

 who would've thought, after everythingthat's happened, that we would'veended up back here

 again? It's beenone hell of a ride,huh? Yeah. so how do you

 feel now? About us? I feel good. I feel happy. You're not

 havingsecond thoughts? I can't believe you actuallywant to talk about feelings. You

 really have changed. Hey,this is the new karl,baby. He's not afraid to

 cry. hello? oh,hi,edie. Uh... yeah,he's here. Hold on. how doesshe know you're

 here? I don't know. hi. Ahem. Yeah,I just came by to helpjulie

 with her civics homework. Uh-huh. Okay,I'll take care of it.What kind of

 juice do you want? Right. Bye,bye. Are you getting juicefor her? Yeah,just

 one carton. You rippedthe woman's heart out. Why would she want juicefrom

 you? Okay. now don't freak out, but this breakup issort of a

 work in progress. She doesn't know? Will you calm down?I can explain.

 So if edie doesn't know,then that means that you just cheatedon her...

 with me! You made me the other woman! Please don't be angry.

 I tried to break up with her, but because I wasn't sureyou

 wanted me back, the words just wouldn'tcome out of my mouth. Now

 that I know thatyou want me and love me again, it's a

 done deal. get out of my house,you miserable son of a bitch!

 can't we talk about this? No,just get out!Get out! Susie,susie! Our marriage

 was garbage! - Stupid,disgusting pile of garbage! - No,no,don't say that. And

 I regret everything that came of it!Don't do this right now. Ugh!

 Except you,honey.You're my rock. Ooh,out! Get out! I...ugh! I promise you I'm

 gonna break upwith edie and make this right. I'll call you when

 it's done. Don't bother!I won't pick up. we've all done something in

 our lives we're ashamed of. Some of us have fallen for the

 wrong man. Some have let go of the right woman. There are

 those who have humiliated their parents... and those who have failed their

 children. Yes, we've all made mistakes that diminish us and those we

 love. But there is redemption if we try to learn from those

