 ":"Previously

 on \"Desperate Housewives\" until the adoption is legally finalized, the birth mother

 can still change her mind, and she has. Warrants were issued... I'm

 going to fire tom. If you just fire him,he'll sue you, and

 I'll back him up.You need cause. Well,I guess i'll have to find

 cause. Decisions were made... I'm going to do something so awful. it

 is going to rock her world. Threats were spoken... so what the

 hell are we gonna do? And plans... phenobarbital? It's time to give

 your bther the peace he deserves. ...Were put into action. the most

 successful private investigator in fairview was a man named oliver weston. Try

 though he might, oliver couldn't remember the exact moment he stopped believing

 in love. Was it the night he caught an executive cheating with

 his secretary? or was it the day he saw a housewife cheating

 with her delivery boy? or was it the time he caught the

 girl next door cheating with the couple who lived across the street?

 whenever the moment, oliver weston was now officially a cynic who only

 believed in betrayal and suspicion. Luckily for oliver, that's what paid his

 bills. okay,you forgot fighting. What are you doing? Oh. Sorry,man. Are these

 your bushes? I'll clean that all up when I'm done. It'll be

 like i was not here. -You're done now. -Whoa,easy,big fella. I'm just

 a P.I. Doing a domestic surveillance job. For who? The blonde ly

 at the end of the street. -Edie britt? -Yeah. That's her fianc?

 Apparently,he dumped her for another woman, and I just figured out who.

 San? there's nothing going on there. They used to be married. She's

 only talking to him because they have a kid together. From what

 I heard,they're on their way to kid number two. Well,you don't know

 what you're talking about. Yeah,and you don't know these soccer moms like

 I do. By day,they bake cookie and carpool. But dim the lights

 and bam-- they turn into total pigs. -she's not like that. -Oh,please.

 Look at her. That woman clearly knows her way around a mattress.

 Yes,oliver weston had become a cynic, which is why he cldn't recognize

 a man who was still in love. proudly presents Desperate Housewives Every

 family has a way of hiding what it doesn't want seen... whether

 it's with a picture that covers a stain on the wall... orith

 a closet door that conceals the chaos inside... or with artificial smiles

 that mask years of pain and heartache, every family goes to great

 lengths to hide ugly truths. Some,of course, go further than others. So

 are you gonna do this tonight? No,the ice cream is for tomorrow.

 I'm taking caleb on a picnic to rockwater lake. I'm preparing all

 of his favorite foods. So when you're done, you're just gonna... leave

 him lying there? No. I'll call 9-1-1 anonymously, but I will be

 watching from a distance to make sure that... that they pick up

 his body. You know,mom, you don't have to do this. I won't

 let him hurt another girl, and I will not turn him over

 to people who will mock and abuse him.I just won'T. His last

 day on this earth is going to be a perfect one. oh,no,thanks,xiao-mei.

 The poor thing. She was so attached to lily. Where'd all this

 food come from? The people from carlos' church. So you think you

 and carlos will try for another adoption? I don't think I could

 go through that pain again. I did freeze some of my eggs,so

 we might do the surrogacy thing,but I don't know. Honey,you've got to

 eat something. I don't have an appetite. In fact,this is all gonna

 go to waste. You guys should take something. -No,no,you should keep it.

 -I'll take a couple. What? Karl dumped me,so I'm alone. Food fills

 the void. xiao-mei,I appreciate your grief,but,really,you're bringing everybody down.Will you pull it

 together? Mrs. Solis... I don't understand. It's from the government. Let me

 see. Gaby, she's being deported. Xiao-mei,is this the first letter like this

 you've received? oh,my... this can't be happening. I can't go home! My

 unclewill sell me again. Oh,no,no,xiao-mei, you're not going anywhere. Hey,you're much too

 iortant to carlos and me. We're gonna fight this and we're gonna

 win. Gaby,you can't promise her that. Bree,you heard what she said.I can't

 let this poor kid go back to china and become someone's slave.

 Thank you. All right. Look,my friends wanna take some of this to

 go, so pack it up,and we're a little low on coffee. you're

 actually gonna let me eat this? Well,you've been working so hard, off

 on business trips all the time. Tonight,we throw caution and cholesterol to

 the wind. you deserve a little comfort food. Oh,no,you're pregnant. God,your mind

 goes to dark places. Honey,you just served me a plate of full-fat

 gouda. What's up? Okay,well... remember I was helping ed spark up his

 love life? Yeah,you sent his wife those sexy I.M.S. Why? Well,fran found

 out that ed didn't send them, and she blew her top. She

 wants the responsible party fired, and ed lied and told her... that

 you sent them. But--but it wasn't me. It was you. I know.

 Oh,oh,but ed couldn't possibly lose you. No,no,no, I'm the expendable one. Look,I

 know it's ridiculous, but ed is not a rational person. Fran has

 him whipped,and a whipped husband is someone we must take very seriously.

 Okay. -How do we handle this? -You're under contract. Ed can't fire

 you unless he has just cause. So until this blows over, you

 have to be a model employee. Show up on time, no more

 3-martini lunches, d above all, have ready all your presentations. I can't

 believe i'm being victimized like this. Well,honey, in all fairness... those are

 all things you should be doing anyway. Fine! Andrew,I am having peter

 over for dinner tomorrow night, and I was wondering if you would

 like to invite justin? Yeah. Um,thanks. I'll--I'll call him tonight. Since you

 two are having your boyfriends over, can I invite matthew? -Out of

 the question. -So let me get this straight-- you can date a

 lush,and he can bring over his gay lover,but god forbid i date

 a hot black guy. Until they lock caleb up, I don't want

 you anywhere near that family. His brother tried to rape you,and his

 mother keeps the guy locked up in a basement. I mean,let's face

 it,danielle, even you could do better. Since when do you take mom's

 side over mine? Your brother and I had a talk, and we've

 come to a d?tente of sorts. Really? Even after she screwed you

 out of your trust fund? Well,he did falsely accuse me of child

 abuse. I would say we're even. Wouldn't you,andrew? Sure,mom. We're even. you

 can stop smiling now. I know your face is tired. -What? -I'm

 not stupid. I know you hate her now as much as ever.

 Mom and I are in a good place right now. Why can't

 you believe that? Hi. I got your message. What's up? Come on

 in. This is oliver weston. He's a P.I. Edie hired. Edie hired

 A... P.I.? Yeah. He's been spying on you and karl. How you

 doing? He thinks you two have been having an affair. Me and

 karl? Why would you think that? come on,suze. You know we're meant

 to be together. karl,just stop. Well... that is karl being nostalgic. you

 said yourself, the sex last week was the best you ever had.

 okay,um... first of all, it was not the best sex I ever

 had. I just said that to make him feel better. obviously,you were

 the best sex I ever had. That explains the punch in the

 face. -I'm gonna hit you again if you don't shut up. -I

 know that this looks bad-- you were actually fooling around with karl

 behind edie's back. No,no,no!No,karl lied to me. He told me that he

 and edie had split up before-- you know what? I don't even

 care. -Mike... -are we done here? yeah. Good night,susan. hey! Hey,you, wait,wait,wait.

 Um... okay,you cannot tell edie about this. Whatever she's paying you, I'll

 pay you double. She paid a 2-grand retainer plus expenses. $2,000? Jeez!

 I gotta get into real estate. Okay,I don't have that kind of

 cash. Well,then,I guess i take the tape to miss britt. I have

 a copy! okay, let's try this another way. You are about to

 unleash a nuclear explosion. Lives are going to be ruined. I'll tell

 you what.I'll hold off till monday to report to ms. Britt. That'll

 give you some time to scrape together a little cash. What if

 I can't? I'm sorry,but xiao-mei missed all of her appeal deadlines. So

 tt's it? You're just gonna send her back to china? My hands

 are tied. If your maid were married to an american citizen, or

 had a child who was an american citizen, or if she were

 a well-known entertainer... what if she was pregnant with an american citizen?

 Uh,xiao-mei? we spoke to homeland security, and we have good news! I

 can stay? Oh! thank you! -Oh! Okay. -Thank you! Uh... well, there's

 just one little thing... the immigration laws have gotten really tough in

 this country, so we're a little behind the eight ball going in.

 But we pled your case, and we fought tooth and nail, and

 the law says you can stay... but only if you have our

 baby. what? The agent said that if you were... pregnant with an

 american citizen, then they couldn't deport you. So we thought,you need a

 baby in your belly, we need a surrogate... win-win-win. \"sur-ro-gate\"? Oh,well, it

 would be our baby. It would just be growing inside of you.

 I... okay,uh... well... Okay,it's like this... the three of us are making

 your famous szechuan dumplings, and I'm the dough, and carlos is the

 pork, and you're the oven. -I have baby?! -Okay,we take care of

 everything. You know,uh,hospital bills and maternity clothes and lamaze classes. And,of course,you

 wouldn't have to do any work. well,uh,maybe just a little light dusting.

 Nothing major. -No! -No,xiao-mei,you don't have a choice. It's either this or

 go back to china. No to baby! No! had to push the

 dusting, didn't you? peter,I don't think i'm being unreasonable here. It's not

 like I'gonna advertise my addiction history, but if your kids ask a

 direct question, I'm not gonna lie to them. Right! Uh-huh. Good point.

 listen,I don't expect you to lie about the alcoholism. I mean,they know

 that's how we met. It's just...you know,the other thing. Oh! The other

 thing. They're just getting to know you,and so I want them to

 focus on your good qualities. I just don't know how they'll react

 if they find out that you're a sex addict. What are you

 so happy about? You know how you were mad at mom about

 not letting matthew come to dinner? Yeah? I just figured out the

 funniest way for you to get back at her. Okay,what's on the

 schedule for today? I have got the boston toy presentation ready to

 go. Actually,I don't have time for a full pitch, so just give

 me the gist. -Excuse me? -You know,boil it down.Give me one line.

 Okay,basically, it's \"toys are fun.\" I hate it. How can you hate

 it? I only gave you three words. It's three words I hate.Okay,

 I'm gonna take over the ston toy company account. -No,you cannot take

 over-- -in the meantime, you should all be aware i don't like

 the way you people have been filing your expense reports. There's been

 a lot of padding meanwhile, this company is hemorrhaging money. I'm gonna

 put a stop to it, so I have hired a forensic accountant.

 He's gonna go through them, make sure everything's kosher. And I find

 one receipt, one bar tab that's fishy, it's grounds for dismissal. Oh,scavo?

 He's gonna start with you. I can't believe that son of a

 bitch hired a forensic accountant. He's more whipped than I thought. Well,he's

 tragically underestimated us. The gloves are coming off. You know, maybe I

 should just quit. What? Yesterday you were up in arms. Now you're

 ready to cave? If ed is determined to get me,sooner or later,

 he's gonna get me.It's just a matter of time. No,no! We are

 not backing down. I'm gonna walk over to ed's office right now,

 and I'm gonna make very clear that if you're out the door,I'm

 right behind ya. We can't both be unemployed. Oh,it'll never happen.He knows

 this place will go down like a house of cards without me.

 -Honey,wait. Just wait! -What,what? I'm not gonna hide behind my wife's skirt.

 We're a team. I'm just lending support. That's not the way it's

 gonna look to everybody else out there. Look,let me talk to him,

 man to man. If my way doesn't work, then we'll do it

 your way. Okay,go get him. oh,my god! Oh,my god! Tom,what happened? I

 think i gave him just cause. Susan knew she couldn't afford to

 keep the P.I. From revealing her affair with karl, and since edie

 would learn the truth anyway, susan felt it would be better if

 it came from her... which is how she came to write a

 letter begging edie for forgiveness. Her words were so sincere and heartfelt,

 from the moment she mailed it, susan knew... she was a dead

 woman. You know,caleb... since the day you were born, I've always thought

 of you as a blessing. You do know that,right? I guess. How

 come matty's not here? Because this is our special day, just you

 and me. Is he mad at me? 'Cause of danielle? No. He

 knows that you didn't mean to scare her. 'Cause he said it

 was okay for me to kiss her. What did you say? He

 said danielle liked me and that she wouldn't fight me if I

 gave her a kiss. Ur brother told you that? Matty said that

 she was waiting for me and that she wanted a really big

 kiss. What else did your brother tell you? Xiao-mei? I made you

 some hot cocoa. I guess the baby thing didn't really appeal to

 you,huh? I know it's a lot to ask,it's just, carlos and i

 think of you as family. Don't you think of us as family?

 Oh,yes! You are like mother to me. Well,if we are so friggin'

 close, what's the big deal? It's nine months out of your life.

 I will be ruined. \"Ruined\"? Down there. Wait. Are you a virgin?

 If I have baby, I will be shamed. are you kidding? No

 one cares about virginity in this country. It went out of style

 in the '50s,and trust me, honey,it ain't making a comeback. seriously,no one

 cares. Husband would care. No man want me if I ruined. I

 want husband so much. Well,what kind of husband do you want? Do

 you want a rich husband? Well,then,rich men don't marry virgins for the

 same reasons they don't hire chauffeurs who can't drive-- they value experience.

 Really? Would I lie to family? Here are the numbers you wanted.

 Lynette,wait. Have you heard from tom? He's not answering his cell phone.

 But you don't have to worry,okay? You got what you wanted. He's

 out of the building. Come in here and close the door. You

 sure? I might punch you,too. I'll take my chances. If this is

 where you want me to apologize for my husband, I'm not gonna

 do it. Maybe he shouldn't have hit you, but you provoked him.

 -Now wait a minute-- -no! I'm sorry, tom gets punished beuse you

 can't deal with your screwed-up marriage. It is pathetic,ed. If you had

 stood up to your wife in the first place,none of this--what? I

 love it. You're giving me crap about my marriage. You know what?

 Here! Oh,the forensic accountant found some interesting stuff in tom's expense reports.

 Yeah,it seems on his last three trips east, he cashed in his

 first-class ticket and took a detour to atlantic city. -What? That can't

 be right. -Well,it's all there-- hotels,bar tabs. Oh,and on this page... two

 tickets to a show. And flowers. That doesn't make any sense.There's gotta

 be some kind of an explanation for this. Before you pass judgment

 on someone else's marriage, I'd clean up my own house first. Sorry,I

 don't know what's taking danielle so long to get dressed. Just give

 her a break,mom.I'm sure she's just trying to look nice for ourompany.

 Well,I hope she doesn't get too dressed up. I like people to

 be comfortable. Oh,I'm comfortable. Honey,what are you wearing? You got me this

 for christmas. Don't you remember? Yes,I just--I'm worried you might be a

 little cold. Ohi think it's plenty warm in here. Don't you,mr. Mcmillan?

 sure. Well,uh,we should probably start eating. We don't want our frittatas to

 get cold. Right. Good. Um,sorry. Everybody,dig in. Does anybody else think this

 salsa's a little too spicy? I always say,he hotter,the better.\" So,mr. Mcmillan,

 I hear you went to perkins college. I'm thinking about going there

 after I graduate. Uh,perkins,huh? I was there.Yeah,I made it to every party,

 and I went to classes in my spare time. no,actually,it's a great

 college. I think you'd like it. Isn't this wonderful? Good food,pleasant conversation...

 this really is a very special night. I feel the same way.

 So,peter,is it growing? What? Uh,the campus. Has it grown at all since

 you've been there? yeah,it's,uh...it's grown... con-considerably. I would just love to get

 my hands on a brochure. The alumni association is always sending me

 stuff,you know. I'll--I'll get you something! Oh,my god,are you okay? I just

 remembered,you know,this guy I'm sponsoring-- he said he needed to see me

 tonight,so I should go to him. Well,I gues that's important,so-- yeah,so ihould

 go. No need to show me out. what a shame.I really wanted

 him to have a chance to get to know you guys. Don't

 worry,I... I think we made an impression. Hey. Hey! I didn't know

 if you were coming back. I waited until the parking lot clead.

 So,um... what happened?You said you were just gonna go in there and

 talk to him. I know,I know. I know I shouldn't have hit

 him. but... what's done is done. Anything else going on? -Like what?

 -I don't know. Anything you wanna talk about? 'Cause there's nothing you

 couldn't tell me. -I would understand. -No,I feel good about this. It's

 okay,'cause I didn't fit in around here anyway. I'm gonna get another

 job someplace else. Everything's good. And you,I love. I love you,too. You

 know what's weird? No,what? In all the years we have been married,

 I have never seen you lead with your fists. well... maybe I

 still got some surprises in me. Maybe you do. Is it done?

 We can mourn your brotherater.Right now there are things that still need

 to be done. We need to get rid of everything... mattress,clothes, all

 of it. mom,the--the door's locked. I know. Mom,you need to open this

 door right now! mom! Honey, why aren't you dressed yet? We have

 to be at the fertility clinic in 40 minutes! Aw,shoot! Is that

 today? And,uh,give xiao-mei a kick in the pants. I haven't seen her

 all morning. hey. Today's the,uh,big day. You ready to,uh,make a baby? Ready.

 Please... be gentle. Honey,come on. We're gonna be late. I think she's

 confused as to how we're gonna make this baby happen. Oh. And

 were you planning on setting her straight? Next thing out of my

 mouth. Come on! The guy's ready to explode. I don't care. I'm

 not sleeping with mom's boyfriend. You can't back out now. You were

 great the other night. You got peter on the hook. He's primed.

 I was just messing with his head to get back at mom.That's

 all. Yeah,but why stop there?She's keeping you from matthew.Now,come on,she deserves this.

 I'm not that stupid. Go grind your own ax. that's him.I don't

 have time for this crap. Now strip down to your bra and

 panties now. Get out of my room, you psycho! Um,my mom won't

 be back for a while, so you probably don't wanna wait around.

 Well,that's okay.I just wanted to make sure you got the perkins catalog.

 Uh,your mom told me that you're going on a tour there tomorrow.

 -Yeah. -You're gonna love it. The campus is beautiful,the teachers are amazing,

 and the student body is such a great mix. You know, they're

 all about diversity. Whatever.All right,well, I'll let my mom know you stopped

 by. Okay. Andrew...I also wanted to apologize for leaving so fast the

 other night. I... I started to get the feeling that your sister

 was coming on to me,which was upsetting because-- you're a sex addict?

 -Your mom told you about that? -Let's just say the word's out.

 But,m,I'm curious. Back in the day,what kind of stuff were you into?

 I don't know that i wanna talk about that. Well,I just wanna

 make sure you're not into anything too freaky. You know,I mean,you are

 dating my mom, and I'm kinda protective of her. Well,you can relax.I

 mean, I wasn't some sort of pervert,you know. All I can say

 is...I went through a dark period, and I slept with a whole

 lot of people. People? What's wrong? No,it's just that when most guys

 discuss their conquests,they don't say \"people.\" -oh,well... -no,it's okay. I appreciate the

 fact that you value... diversity. -who is it? -Mike. -Susan? -Hi. Sorry.

 I'm just on the lookout for edie. Oh,well,you can relax. Edie won't

 be coming after you. Why? I talked to the P.I., And he's

 not gonna tell her anything. -What did you say? -I paid him

 off, so it's over. I just thought you should know. Well,wait. Why

 would you do that? People will just get hurt if it gets

 out. I didn't see the point. come on,come on,come on. Hey there.

 You look thirsty. This is really nice of you, mrs. Mayer. To

 be honest with you, I wasn't even sure that you liked me.

 And you know why? Because we're all so busy and detached from

 each other. You're at my house every day, and sure, we wave

 and we say hello, but we barely even know each other. How

 long have you been delivering my mail, for god's sake? Three and

 a half weeks. Really? It seems like forever. let me top you

 off. Oh,no,I couldn'T. This is my third glass. I... seriously,I'm sloshin'. well,you

 probably wanna use the bathroom before you leave,huh? -No,I'm good. -Are you

 sure? Uh,I mean,you have such a long route, and that ice tea's

 gonna go right through ya. It's better here than mrs. Mccluskey's hydrangeas.

 Well,you know,uh... maybe I will use your bathroom. Great! Oh,the one down

 here is broken.Why don't you use the one upstairs?It's right off my

 bedroom. Yeah. Okay. Got it. I still can't believe it. I mean,why

 would xiao-mei just offer herself up to me like that? well,honey,she's a

 virgin. Who knows why virgins do anything? She's a viin? Are you

 serious? Yeah. I wouldn't just slam her for no reason. Mr. Solis?

 It's time to collect your N.A. Oh! Okay,honey, only good swimmers now.

 if you like,we have a variety of magazines and videos available. I

 think I'm good. Gus? Are you okay up there? gus! Uh,do you

 want me to keep the hat on? I know it's a fantasy

 for some women. mom? Is the mailman here? That's my daughter. Get

 dressed! mom? Yes,honey!Gus the mailman is here! He's using the bathroom. He'll

 be down in a minute. Oh! darn it. Guess we'll have to

 take a rain check,huh? I can come back on tuesday. tu-tuesday?No,no,tuesday's not

 good, 'cause tuesday's the day I,um... become a lesbian. andrew? Honey,where are

 you?I got your message. What's the emergency? Andrew? Andrew? Andrew? Honey,what are

 you doing in my bed? Have you seen my pants? I can't--

 now we're even. Did you forget that we're supposed to take that

 tour of perkins college today? Seriously? After last night,I didn't exactly think

 you'd be too keen on sitting next to me in a car

 for three hours. Consider me a cheerleader for anything that expedites me

 getting you out from under my roof. Glad we can come to

 an understanding. Why'd we stop here? We have half a tank left.

 There's so many things i wanna say to you,andrew. But mostly,I just

 want you to know how sorry I am. Sorry for what? Every

 child deserves to be loved unconditionally, and I thought that was the

 kind of love that I had for you. Maybe if I had,

 it would've been different. why do i suddenly get the feeling we're

 not gonna make it out to perkins college today? -What are you

 doing? -I packed up some of your things. There's also,um,an envelope in

 here with some money, and that should tide you over until you

 get a job. What,you're gonna leave me out here in the middle

 of nowhere? I noticed a bus stop about a mile back. You

 can go anywhere you want. Mama,mom, please don't do this. I have

 to. I can't be around you anymore. I'm just not strong enough.

 You know what the good news is? I win. You win? I

 remember the look in your eyes when I told you I was

 gay, and I knew that one day, you would stop loving me.

 So here we are. I was righ and I... I win. Well,good

 for you. Hi. I made you a thank-you pie, and by \"made,\"

 I mean \"bought.\" so what exactly are you thanking me for? For

 keeping edie from smashing my face in. That's the nicest thing anybody

 ever did for me. Just... trying to keep peace on the lane.

 Well,you keep telling yourself that. I know why you really paid that

 guy off. You still care about me. What? you're always worried about

 julie and me, and you beat upnmy new boyfriend. and now you're

 protecting me from edie. Do you know what all that means? That

 you're high maintenance? all right, you go ahead a be coy. Fine.

 I'll be the one to break the ice. I've never stopped caring

 about you. Is that why you jumped in bed with karl? I

 would've never even gone there if I had thought there was a

 chance with us. You just closed the door so completely,I... ugh,can we

 just not talk about him? Have some more pie. I know you

 like pie. I know you like me. Listen... I'm not asking for

 us to get back together. I just want us to be friends.

 -Susan? -Yes? Your house is on fire. my whole house is... on

 fire! When the truth is ugly, people try to keep it hidden,

 because they know if revealed, the damage it will do. So they

 conceal it within sturdy walls... or they place it behind closed doors...

 or they obscure it with clever disguises... but truth,no matter how ugly,

 always emerges... and someone we care about always ends up getting hurt...

 and someone else will revel in their pain, and that's the ugliest

