 ":"Desperate

 Housewives S05E04 Back in Business (La jalousie) (VO&VF+STFR&EN) Bree's husband felt rejected.

 I think it's strange to see my wife billed as \"Mrs. Van

 de Kamp.\" - It's how I'm known. - Is there a Mr.

 Van de Kamp? No, Mr. Van de Kamp is deceased. Would it

 have killed you to have mentioned me? It's because I went to

 jail, isn't it? Lynette's husband was excited. We're gonna start a garage

 band! You were the one who said you wanted to spend more

 time with your family. Guys need to blow off steam. Edie's new

 husband had a past... You've been here six weeks, and you don't

 seem any closer to coming to terms - with your rage. -

 I've come to terms with it, and I like it just the

 way it is. Which remained a mystery. It's odd that you're married

 to some guy you don't know anything about him. She kept asking

 me all this stuff about your background. And Susan tried to move

 on. - I sort of started seeing someone. - Good for you.

 Every year, Ms. Elenora Butters would ask her kindergarten class to draw

 a picture of their families. Which she would then display on \"meet

 the teacher\" night. That's how Ty Richmond's parents saw his depiction of

 their fighting... And Amy Hines' parents saw her portrayal of their drinking.

 And Jason Monte's parents saw his illustration of their hygiene. You see,

 Ms. Butters felt it was important for parents to see themselves through

 their children's eyes. She knew the experience... Ed, he's got me vacuuming

 in my bra. Do I do that? ...could be very educational. I

 know, I know. Did I not say 7:00? You missed their little

 show. M.J. was tooth decay. Crosstown traffic killed me. And I told

 you to videotape it. Did you tell me to take off the

 lens cap? Next time, be more specific. Mr. Delfino, glad you made

 it. Did you get to see M.J.'s artwork? Not yet. Can't wait.

 Look at that. There we are, standing in front of the house.

 Look what he did with my hair. I kind of like the

 bangs. He put a wrench in my pocket. And see how big

 my muscles are? Which is a good thing, 'cause there's a shark

 attacking the house. Hey, daddy. Hey, buddy. Your mommy and I were

 just looking at your wonderful painting. - You like it? - I

 love it! Especially how big and strong you made me look. That's

 not you. That's Jackson. See the paintbrush in his pocket? Oh, who's

 Jackson? He paints our house... Until my mom makes him drink wine

 and have a sleepover. Because... Mike and I are divorced, so that's

 why... It was supposed to be a picture of the family, so

 you should've put your daddy in it. I did. The bug with

 the little hat? That's you, 'cause you're always so far away. Yeah,

 that's... Now I see me. Yes. Every year, Ms. Elenora Butters would

 ask her class to draw a picture of their families. Even though

 she knew the portraits... might not be that flattering. If you look

 closely into the faces of your friends, you'll see it. - Congratulations!

 - Come on in! Right behind their smiles, you will see a

 certain green-eyed monster, And then you'll understand how envious they are of

 your well-kept home... Your delicious recipes... And your tasteful possessions. Here's my

 cookbook. But you'll have to work hard to see the jealousy, Because

 good friends always work hard, to hide it. Look at you, right

 on the cover! These are advanced copies. I wanted you to be

 the first to have them. You signed it-- \"to Lynette, the sweetest,

 most wonderful friend I've ever known.\" \"To Susan, the sweetest, most--\" We

 don't have to read them out loud. Don't mind me, ladies. I'm

 just grabbing a kiss on my way to the salt mines. -

 You have a good day - Thanks. Did you show'em the ad?

 I almost forgot. Isn't this nice? They're running it next month in

 \"woman's day.\" You're gonna be in magazines, too? They've come up with

 this whole marketing plan-- radio, print, book signings. - Isn't it fantastic?

 - No, it's horrible! She's gonna become this famous author and have

 no time at all for us. Come on, Gaby. You know that

 Bree will never change. Thank you, Katherine I will never become stuck-up

 and full of myself. I didn't say that. I said you'd never

 change. Very funny. I hardly think you have to worry about me

 becoming famous. You have a marketing plan. You wanna see my marketing

 plan? Milk, bread, vodka, condoms-- - Could I see that? I'd love

 to read it. - Why? Back before I consecrated my life to

 mozzarella, marketing was sort of what I did. Right! Of course. I

 would, uh, love to hear your thoughts. You're still gonna wanna hang

 out with us, even when you're totally fabulous, and we're still nobodies?

 Girls, you are making way too much of this. I am not

 a bit more fabulous than any one of you. Excuse me. -

 What is it, Andrew? - I hope you're free for lunch on

 the 12th, 'cause the Chamber of Commerce just named you businesswoman of

 the year. Oh, my god! That is so amazing! The dry cleaner

 just... found my sweater. Orson, I have amazing news. - The Chamber

 of Commerce just called. - What about? I wanna buy you lunch

 and tell you. I'll be at your office in two minutes. Don't

 come to my office. I can't have lunch now. I'm in a

 meeting. I'll wait in reception until it's over. It'll take hours. It's

 a very urgent, high-level stuff. What kind of meeting is it? George,

 hey! Turn that radio down! - Where are you? - I told

 you, I'm in a meeting. I gotta go. I'll see you soon.

 Yes, you will. - What's going on? - Daddy got me a

 bike. Yes, I see. And here, mommy thought we'd agreed to wait

 till your birthday. Crazy mommy. Can you teach me to ride it?

 Not today. I gotta go install a water heater. But, you keep

 practicing, and the next afternoon I have free, we'll bust off those

 training wheels and go kick up some dirt. All right. Oh, my

 god. This is about M.J.'s drawing, isn't it? What? He does not

 love Jackson more than you. - He knows who his father is.

 - I know that. Can't a guy get his kid a bike

 without being psychoanalyzed? So you're totally fine with that drawing? I won't

 go sticking it on my fridge anytime soon, but yeah. I'm glad

 you're dating a nice guy. I'm glad he likes my kid, and

 my kid likes him. Here's a bike. That's all it is. Hey,

 guys. Jackson, look at my new bike! Pretty cool. That's a custom

 titanium frame. Make sure M.J. nows that. Mommy, can Bethany go home

 now? She's only been here 20 minutes. We invited her over to

 play, so go play. But all she does is spin. Honey, we

 want Bethany to be our friend, so if she wants to spin,

 just suck it up and spin. Why are you shoving that little

 weirdo down Juanita's throat? That little weirdo is the key to you

 and I having more sex. I know I should ask a few

 questions, but I'm in. Bethany's mom hosts a weekly playdate. I'm trying

 to get Juanita an invitation. How does that lead to quality time

 with your boobs? The only time you and I have to ourselves

 is late at night, but by that time, we're too exhausted. And

 now that we have Celia in afternoon preschool, all we have to

 do is unload Juanita, and then we can get back to doing

 the nasty. This doesn't seem right. Dumping our kid off on some

 unsuspecting woman so that we can have sex? Wake up! Playdates were

 invented by mothers for this exact purpose. Shopping, sex, drinking in the

 afternoon-- playdates make all these things possible. I don't know. I feel

 bad making my kid playing with someone that she obviously doesn't like.

 Bethany's mom will take Juanita once a week for two whole hours.

 That is sex and a nap. I don't hear you spinning! I

 don't understand. You said the job was going so well. It was.

 Then three weeks ago, my parole officer left me a message at

 work. That's when they found out I lied on my application when

 I said I didn't have a criminal record. So you've been pretending

 to go to work for three weeks? I know you're angry. I'm

 not angry. I'm hurt that you didn't feel like you could tell

 me. I was embarrassed. When we married, I was the breadwinner. Now

 you have your company and you have your book. I'm a felon

 who can't hold on to a job. Orson, we're partners. We share

 everything. Any success I have is just as much yours as it

 is mine. Thank you, darling. So... Why did the Chamber of Commerce

 call? Apparently, we've been named businesswoman of the year. Is that good

 enough?! You'd be killer in our band. Wouldn't he be killer? Donald,

 why don't you let us talk it over and we'll get back

 to you? No problem. I have to get back to the office

 anyway. Quarterly tax time has got me swamped. We'll definitely call you

 today! Thanks, gentlemen. Don't you think he crushed it? He was good...

 technically. He didn't really have heart. What do you mean? When he

 played Voodoo Child, it was like Hendrix has risen. What about Mike?

 I thought that's who we were gonna get. I asked, but he

 said he's too busy. Too busy to live a little? Not gonna

 fly. Call him. - Give him my number. I'll talk to him.

 - Okay, sure. But what about Donald. 'Cause if we don't get

 Mike, I wanna make... Tom, Donald's out, all right? Have Mike call

 me. What a rehearsal. Dave and I, were smokin'. Did you hear

 us? I'm sorry. What? Never mind. What are you working on? What,

 is this Bree's ad stuff? God, no. Her agency really whiffed. So

 I'm coming up with a whole new campaign. I was looking through

 my old portfolio for inspiration. I remember this one. \"Feet? Meet your

 new best friends.\" It was a classic. It's been years since I

 looked through this stuff. I'd forgotten I was... kinda great. You were

 awesome! How lucky is Bree to have a neighbor that used to

 be a advertising hotshot? Maybe I'm the lucky one. This could be

 a perfect way for me to stick my toe back in the

 business. Nothing big, maybe just pick up some freelance work. If you

 do that, where you gonna find the time for the family and

 the restaurant? Gee, I don't know. I guess the same place that

 you find time for your garage band. I'm just saying that if

 you... I dropped off Celia at preschool, and Juanita's at her playdate.

 Drop trou. Why don't you put on that sexy red Teddy? Can

 I ask why? You can't see it. Yeah, but I can feel

 it, and I love the sensation of sliding silk off your body.

 What's it like, Carlos? What? Sex as a blind man. You used

 to be so... visual. Is it still as good? It's better. Having

 to rely on your senses of touch and taste and smell... It's

 actually way more intense. Really? You're so lucky. What, you want blind

 sex? I think I can arrange that. Hey there. Looks like somebody's

 job interview went well. Nope. They turned me down flat. But as

 I was driving home, it suddenly hit me. I may be persona

 non grata at every company in this town, but there's at least

 one employer I know who would love to hire me. Who? You.

 You wanna work here? Why not? I'm great with food. I understand

 business. I can't beat the commute. That's certainly an intriguing notion. But

 wouldn't it be awkward having me as your boss? Absolutely. But as

 you said in the park, we share everything. So I would be

 more of a... partner. Partners... Bree, would you give me a hand

 with this arrangement? Just give me a sec. I think the lilies

 need their own vase. If you hire him, I will cut you

 with these scissors! I don't think we need to do that. I

 think they're crowding the irises out. Just like he's trying to crowd

 me out. You Already have a partner, remember? I think the irises

 and the lilies could work, - together. - Nope. One of them

 has to go. - If I may offer an opinion - Not

 a good time. Tell him now, or I will walk. Orson, you

 really don't wanna work with me. You only see me at home.

 But at work, when the pressure's on, I can be a bit

 of a handful. - Katherine's seen how I get. - Oh, yes.

 Bitchy, Tyrannical, shrill-- He gets it, dear. You're my partner in life.

 But if we want to keep it that way, we shouldn't mix

 marriage and business. But no one else will hire me. You've only

 been looking for a few weeks. Give it another... say, month or

 two, and you still haven't found anything, then we'll revisit the idea.

 It was just a thought. So what'd you think? Oh, my god,

 you were right. Blind sex is incredible. Give me ten more minutes

 and an energy bar, and we can go one more time. No,

 I think we're done. Honey! What are you doing home? I thought

 you were at Bethany's. I got a tummyache. Her mom brought me

 back. How long have you been standing there? I don't know. What

 were you two doing? We were... We were wrestling. Wrestling. Did daddy

 hurt you? You were making loud noises. That wasn't real. Sometimes I

 fake it when I wrestle with daddy. Please don't wrestle with mommy.

 You're too big. You could hurt her. Yeah, Carlos, stop that. Go

 to your room, and I'm gonna bring you something for your tummy.

 - I think she bought it. - The story of how daddy

 beats up mommy? - Relax. I told her I was fine. -

 I could hear the worry in her voice. Why don't we just

 tell her the truth? What, that sometimes mommy rides daddy like a

 mechanical bull to get jewelry? She's 5. She's too young to understand

 either half of that. It's the facts of life she's gonna learn

 'em eventually, and it's the most natural thing in the world. If

 she was standing there any longer than five minutes, there was nothing

 natural about what she saw. By the way, thank you for that.

 Hey, it's me. Listen, I've got some free time. So I thought

 I'd come over and teach M.J. how to ride his new bike.

 Great. He's so excited to learn. Are you sure he's ready to

 go without training wheels? He'll probably have to take a few spills,

 but, luckily, he'll have his old man there to pick him up.

 He's been asking when you're coming. I can't wait to tell him.

 I know he'll be just... - What's the matter? - Spider! Big

 one. Gotta go! Mommy, look, no traing wheels. I know! You did

 great! Jackson, can I see you a sec? That was amazing! He

 learned so fast. You know what I learned? Mike is on his

 way over here to teach his son how to ride the bike

 he bought. Something he was looking forward to until you ruined it.

 - Why didn't you tell me? - I didn't know I had

 to tell you not to steal a father's precious moment. He just

 kept asking me. - He made me do it. - You could've

 walked away. I couldn't! He said, \"pwease!\" Damn it. As you can

 see, the graphic works just as well on a free-standing display unit.

 Neat, huh? Goodness. When you offered to share your thoughts on my

 campaign, I wasn't expecting anything quite so... elaborate. Who knew your marketing

 guys were such lame-os? What they came up with is so... Tepid.

 I think \"understated\" was what they were going for. They overshot and

 wound up in \"bland,\" right on the border of \"sucky.\" You need

 to grab your audience. Just grab 'em. I've gone for jazzier colors,

 bolder fonts. I have really played up the whole nostalgia angle. \"Let

 Mrs. Van de Kamp turn your oven into a time machine.\" I

 see women really responding to that. Do you? Because I see, children

 crawling into ovens, hoping to see dinosaurs. Well, I've got a whole

 bunch of alternatives. I appreciate everything you've done. but I've actually approved

 the old campaign, and, I can't just tell them I've changed my

 mind. You don't have to. I'll be the bad guy. Just tell

 'em you've hired me, and I'll go in there, six-guns ablazing. So...

 do we have a deal? Just give me the word. Sorry, but

 I prefer their campaign. But mine is better. You're... entitled to think

 so, but, I don't. Look, Bree... I think I know a little

 more about marketing than you do. When I was in it, I

 owned this town. I had every big account. Hell, I was even

 named businesswoman of the year. I'm familiar with that award. In fact,

 I'm this year's recipient. - Really? - Yes. There's a luncheon on

 the 12th. I do hope you can make it. By the way,

 you're right about those colors. Very... jazzy. Come on, M.J. your daddy's

 waiting. Mommy, I don't wanna fall. You know how you like to

 push the button when we go on the elevator, and if somebody

 else pushes it first, it makes you sad? But I don't wanna

 fall Just listen. Daddy really wanted to be the one to teach

 you to ride your bike, and if you can already do it,

 it's gonna make him sad. So just let daddy push the button.

 Understand? Oh, man. He's really picking it up fast. Yeah. I think

 it's just beginner's luck. Are you sure he hasn't been practicing? He

 was absolutely waiting for you. I think I'm gonna go check his

 helmet. What are you doing? We talked about this. - You're supposed

 to be new at it. - I don't want to fall. I'm

 scared. Of what? You're 3 inches off the ground. You're completely padded.

 So just do what I say, wobble, wobble. \"Daddy, look at me!\"

 crash. He was just telling me how glad he is to have

 his dad here. Really? 'cause I almost feel like he doesn't even

 need me. That's just silly. Whoops-a-daisy! It's a good thing your dad's

 here to teach you how to do it right. Looking good, buddy,

 but remember, when you stop, you gotta put your foot down first.

 - Does that hurt right there, buddy? - He's fine. No, mommy.

 It hurts. - This is all my fault. - Will you stop?

 The doctor said it was just a sprain. I know, but still,

 I shouldn't have pushed it. Why look for blame? Kids fall. If

 you have to find fault, blame the pavement, not yourself... or me.

 Mommy! He should have his pitching arm back in no time. Thank

 you. But I did wanna ask, M.J. said that he fell on

 purpose. Something about you telling him to \"let daddy push the elevator

 button\"? You told him to fall? Remember, it's the pavement you're mad

 at. What the hell, Susan? Why would you do something like that?

 Jackson taught him to ride the bike. Who's Jackson? He does sleepovers

 with mommy. They drink lots of wine. Hey, doc. Don't you hand

 out lollipops to brave little boys? I'm sorry. M.J. was excited about

 the bike, so Jackson took off the training wheels and taught him.

 He didn't know. He didn't know I'd wanna be the one to

 teach my own kid how to ride a bike? You know what?

 This is not Jackson's fault. You can't give a 5-year-old a bike

 and expect him to wait to ride it until you have time.

 You know, this is what it means to be divorced. It means

 that sometimes you won't be there. I know. It's... Just harder than

 I thought it would be. It's hard for me, too. I miss

 things when he's with you. And I... am trying to come to

 terms with my guilt, because... I have to. So do you. There's

 nothing else you can do. Has Mike called? Hi, honey. You're home.

 Sorry, hon. So did he call? Listen to this. Mrs. Hudson's putting

 her house up for sale. I think we should buy it. Why?

 As an investment. It's fantastic. My friend Mary Alice blew her brains

 out in this house, and, all I'd have to do is let

 that slip, and we'd get it for a song. I don't think

 so. Why not? We'll rent it out. We could make some serious

 money. Last thing I wanna be is a landlord, get a phone

 call every time a toilet overflows. - That's why we hire a

 management company. - Damn it, I said no! Why are you yelling

 at me? I don't know. I'm sorry. I just got a lot

 on my mind. I'm sorry. Hi, Bethany. I'm here to pick up

 Juanita. Is she around? Boys have sperm. Excuse me? We need to

 talk. Apparently, after we had our little chat with Juanita, she went

 straight to Bethany and passed on the facts of life in excruciating

 detail. Did you explain to Peggy why we had the little chat?

 She didn't wanna hear it. Not with Bethany running around the house,

 - So we're out of the playdate? - Yeah. Way out. I

 guess it's back to the old schedule of ten minutes of grope

 'n snore at midnight. I'm not going back. I can't. If she

 doesn't get her playdate, you're not getting yours. Fine. I will fix

 it. I just, don't know why. Peggy's making such a big deal

 out of this. Sperm ! Stop talking to your sister! What are

 you doing in the guest bedroom? I couldn't sleep. You were snoring

 too loudly. Me? Snoring? Like a donkey with a head cold. Honey,

 I don't snore. You can't always hear yourself. But I hear you...

 Loud and clear. For heaven sakes, come back to bed. I'm good

 here. Dave Williams. Hate to bother you, but I got a busted

 pipe outside the house. - Probably some kids playing a prank. -

 No problem. I'm across town finishing up on another job, so, depending

 on traffic, give me, say an hour? Thanks. I really appreciate it.

 So when Juanita thought that I might be hurting her mother, we

 decided it was best that she knew the truth. It just seemed

 like the right thing to do at the time. See, honey? I

 knew there had to be a rational explanation. I guess under the

 circumstances, you didn't have y other choice. So... do you think there's

 any chance Juanita could rejoin your playdate? We've talked to her. She

 will never discuss sex ever again. Not if she wants to see

 her favorite dolly alive. Gaby, we don't need to let them know

 all of our parenting secrets. I... think that'd be okay. I probably

 overreacted. We just wanna keep Bethany's innocence as long as we can.

 We totally agree. Kids are forced to grow up way too fast.

 No kidding. I want my girls to believe in Santa Claus as

 long as possible. They're gonna find out soon enough that it's all

 a lie. What? There's no Santa Claus?! So... next playdate's monday at

 1:00? Whoever did this really went to town. Yeah, I know. Damn

 kids. By the way, did you put any more thought into joining

 the band? Sorry. I've been meaning to get back to you. I

 appreciate the offer, but I'm really stretched thin these days. Come on.

 Every man's got time for a little music. Believe me, I'd love

 to play with you guys, but, I live 30 minutes away, an

 hour in traffic. - Time I've got left's for my son. -

 Yeah, I hear ya. You ever look into living a little closer

 by? With the rent prices in this neighborhood? I might play guitar

 like a rock star, - but I don't earn like one. -

 Sorry. - I wasn't thinking. - It's all right. Appreciate you trying

 to help. Believe me, I wish I could do more. I've never

 seen Bree so happy. She's glowing. She won't be glowing when that

 agency sinks her book. I'm telling you, the only thing staler than

 that ad campaign is this dinner roll. Yeah, and the water was

 as flat as the ad campaign. Your Martini was as dry as

 the ad campaign. Let it go. Hi, everybody! You having a good

 time? - This is... - Stu! Lynette Scavo. I thought that might

 be you. Everyone, this is, my old assistant, Stu, Durber. This was

 one great guy. He would schlep all the way across town just

 to get me my chinese food. So... what are you up to?

 Actually, Stu's company is doing all my advertising. Your company? You have

 a company? It's three years now. How about you? Are you still

 at Parcher & Murphy? No, I... also went into business for myself.

 Her place makes the best pizza in town. You own a pizzeria?

 It's really my husband's. And I'm still doing some freelance stuff. That's

 great. We're always working late. Give me your card. We'll order from

 you some night. Of course, we're across town, so it may be

 a bit of a schlep. It was great catching up. Bree, let

 me introduce you to some people. Great. There's my beautiful wife. What

 are you up to? Why? Looking for a reason to scream at

 me? You're right. I was awful the other day. How about I

 make it up to you by buying you Mrs. Hudson's house? -

 Seriously? - I thought about it, and I agree. It's a good

 investment opportunity. Thank you! And I promise that we'll rent that place

 out for top dollar. I'm not worried about that. But first... I

 want to do someone a favor. Where are you? It's after 2:00.

 I'm getting ready for my job interview. That's not until 4:00. I'm

 reading the company's annual reports. I want to be prepared. Honey. Everybody's

 asking about you. I want you to be here. It's my big

 day. Well... enjoy it. You've earned it. You know what this tastes

 like? More. It would seem somebody's taking their designated driver position... a

 little lightly. Stu is doing Bree's ad campaign? I rode in his

 hatchback once. It smelled like mu shu. I gotta warn her. Wait!

 Why don't you wait till after the ceremony? Just until you can

 blink both eyes at the same time. Guys, I am just gonna

 offer her a little advice. - Still waiting. - Great thing about

 the internet is that with a minimal investment, you actually can reach

 all your specific target audience... Coupons. Do a cross-promotion with some of

 the major food companies. Knock off 20%, on some of the items

 featured in your recipes, then they do the same towards the purchase

 of your cookbook. Our research shows, people aren't so hot on gimmicks...

 Zip it, Stewie. Would you excuse us, please? Lynette, you're drunk. That's

 immaterial. What do you think of the coupons? I am really not

 able to deal with that right now. I know. You've got your

 book and, your big fancy award, and I'm just a housewife. I

 never said that. When I had a high-powered career, and you were

 just a housewife, I never looked down on you. If you could

 all please take your seats, it's time to present our award. You

 need to leave now. Fine. And don't worry. Even though I'd like

 to, I'm not gonna make some big, ugly scene. Hey. I bought

 M.J. some stilts, thought I'd teach him how to use 'em. Actually,

 he's at Juanita's watching a DVD. - Do you want me to

 call him? - No. It's cool. I just wanted to tell him

 about my new place. You're moving again? How far are you gonna

 be away now? - The Hudson house? - Yeah, she sold it.

 And Edie told me the new owner wants to rent it, So

 I'll have a fighting chance of being around when M.J. hits his

 milestones. Is this okay with you? It's great. We'll be like... one

 big, happy, divorced family. You sure? It's a little weird. But, M.J.

 will be thrilled, and... Yeah, I'm fine with it. Good. So... I'll

 see you around, neighbor. I still think it's strange you won't let

 me tell Mike that we're the new owners. The man's got a

 lot of pride. I want him to feel like I'm his neighbor,

 not his landlord. Landlord? Hell, with the rent we're charging him, you're

 his fairy godmother. Consider it an investment in good karma. Screw karma.

 I finally do something nice in this neighborhood, and I can't brag

 about it? The man who is silent in his good deeds is

 the man who reaps the greatest reward. So... Give me some guidance.

 Do I grovel, send flowers, or... just move? I'm not angry with

 you. I'm just sorry that you felt so... Drunk? Jealous? You have

 nothing to be jealous of. Don't give me that. You are having

 the kind of success, I only dreamed of back in my ad

 days. That doesn't mean I look down on you. But watching you,

 I look down on me. When I held your book in my

 hands, I felt so jealous my stomach hurt. And I thought, if

 I could just hitch a ride, have a piece of it, I

 wouldn't feel so bad about your success. For god sakes, stop calling

 me a success. There's nothing successful about me. My friends think I'm

 gonna drop them, my partner resents me, and my husband... has moved

 into the guest bedroom. Everything I gain comes at some horrible price,

 and I'm starting to wonder if any of it's even worth it.

 It is. You're at the start of an incredible journey, and I

 am going to be there every step of the way, cheering you

 on, telling anyone who will listen that the Bree Van De Kamp

 is my friend. Thanks. And the rest of the stuff... You'll find

 a way to fix it. Just know that all your friends are

 very proud of you. Bitterly jealous, but proud. If you look closely

 into the faces of those around you, you will catch a glimpse

 of a certain green-eyed monster. And then you'll see they envy your

 career... Your love life... The time you spend with their child... How

 do you deal with such jealousy? There are many ways. But the

 best... is to simply share, what you have. Thank you. Promise me

