 ":"Previously...

 We are going to do everything we can to get you a

 kidney. In the meantime, live your life. If there's things you're thinking

 about doing, do them now. Susan's condition got worse. You're dying, and

 there's not a damn thing I can do about it. Beth was

 rejected by her husband... I kicked you out of this house. That

 was the end! And abandoned by her mother. I have no more

 use for you. But Bree brought hope. Has the transplant office reached

 you? Am I a match? I'm here to donate a kidney. It's

 the most important thing I've ever done. And Beth made the ultimate

 sacrifice. We need some help over here! We can never know the

 moment our lives are about to change forever. We might be preparing

 dinner... coming home after a long day... enjoying a glass of wine...

 tending to our aches and pains. And then... when we least expect

 it... the moment comes. Craig Lynwood from Fairview Memorial. This is Dr.

 Jenkins from Fairview Memorial. We have a kidney for you. I'm sorry

 to tell you there's been a terrible accident. What kind of accident?

 Your wife shot herself. Mike! We have a kidney! Is she dead?

 We're keeping her on life support, but I'm afraid there's no brain

 activity. How soon can we do this? How soon can you get

 here? I don't understand. If there's no brain function, why is she

 on life support? Your wife is an organ donor, and we need

 to... Stop. You are not to touch her until I get there.

 There are moments that change our lives forever... but not always in

 the way... we might expect. Subtitles by Wisteria Team www.wisteria-team.fr www.sous-titres.eu The

 women of Wisteria Lane look for any excuse to celebrate. A bottle

 of champagne when you're not expecting... A new dress, for turning 39...

 again. A triple fudge cake to reward a personal best. So when

 my friends heard about Susan's good fortune, they just couldn't resist. Surprise!

 What are you supposed to say when someone gets an organ? Kidney!

 How about \"congratulations\"? We are so thrilled for you. When is this

 happening? I guess tonight. So will you still be at my party

 Saturday? Because you did R.S.V.P. It depends. Can you move the party

 into the intensive care unit? So that's a no. Gaby's in charge

 of the guest list, in case anybody else decides to flake at

 the last minute. I didn't know you'd be bringing an entourage. It's

 a happy day on our street. I would imagine, a bit of

 a sad one, too. I can just call the caterers, and say

 there's one less person. No big deal. Isn't that a little harsh?

 I mean, she was a neighbor. - Who are you talking about?

 - Your donor, Beth Young. Beth is her donor? Wait, you don't

 know any of this? Beth came to the E.R. with the transplant

 papers, and then she shot herself. Is she dead? She's on life

 support, but she's not gonna make it. Sorry. I thought you knew.

 Her husband is with her. We want to give him some more

 time with her, so we're anticipating a bit of a delay. Poor

 Beth. I just saw her yesterday. She seemed off, but she always

 seemed a little off, so I left. How could I not have

 realized she was in so much pain? Bree, you couldn't have known

 this would happen. You okay? I don't know. It sounds like nothing's

 gonna happen tonight. Why don't you just all go home and get

 some sleep? Get your ass over here. I got something that belongs

 to you. Little hint. It reeks of mal tais and you gave

 birth to it! I come downstairs to make breakfast, and there he

 is, passed out, stewed to the gills. Again, Karen, we are so

 sorry. If I wanted a drunk homo on my couch, I would

 have married my college boyfriend. You can let me go, all right?

 I'm okay. Okay? You broke into a neighbor's house and passed out.

 I didn't break in... I got a little confused, and... went in

 the wrong house. You got to admit, all these places kind of

 look the same. When you're drunk! Andrew, this is not good. Calm

 down, all right? I just had a little too much fun last

 night. You need to be very careful. Thanks to me, you have

 a genetic predisposition to alcoholism. Just 'cause you're one, you want everyone

 in your little club? I'm not an alcoholic. I got everything under

 control. - How bad is it? - It's really bad. When did

 it start? A while ago. First it was just on the weekends,

 then sometimes during the week, and now it's every night. I wish

 you had told me. You know what I've started to do? I

 pretend I have to work late, so I don't have to come

 home and deal with him. - You need to talk to him.

 - I have. And he promises it'll get better, but it only

 gets worse. I love him. I can't take it. - I know.

 It's very difficult. - No, Bree. I'm thinking of leaving him. Please

 don't. Not yet. Let me try to get him some help. I'll

 talk to him. No offense, but I don't think you're gonna get

 through to him. Don't be so sure. I once smuggled vodka into

 church in a \"jesus saves\" sports bottle. I can be pretty resourceful.

 Tables and chairs go out back, chafing dishes and flatware in the

 kitchen, and eyes off the boobs, but thanks for noticing. I saw

 the truck. What's going on? What do you think? It's for our

 party tomorrow night. Our spring fling? We're still flinging? - Why wouldn't

 we be? - I don't know. Unless the theme is \"neighbors who

 blow their brains out\", I kind of thought the Beth Young thing

 might put a damper on the festivities. Why? She wasn't even invited.

 We can't ignore the fact that one of our neighbors is dead.

 Brain-dead. Big difference. Besides, she seems like a clinger. Bet she'll stick

 around for months. So you think it's okay that we still throw

 this party? It's not a party. It's an event. Would you cancel

 the oscars? Christmas? The invitations have been sent, the caterer's been hired.

 Life is for the living, so let's live. The living did buy

 a new dress... Versace. And I'm sure Beth would have loved to

 have seen you in that Versace. She would have, wouldn't she? In

 a way, it could be a tribute to her. And I did

 see the perfect tribute shoes at the mall. Now that is the

 spirit. Make sure the guests know the party is still on, I

 will take care of the arrangements. Maybe we could have a moment

 of silence and then a champagne toast. Fabulous idea, except instead of

 champagne, let's do mojitos, and instead of Beth, let's toast to us.

 And the moment of silence? Would sound great with music. Paul, I

 want you to know how sorry I am. Can't imagine what you're

 going through now. I want you to know how grateful I am

 for this gift that Beth is giving me. Obviously, it doesn't bring

 her back. But I hope it will be a small comfort to

 you knowing that in some way she'll live on. Why would that

 give me comfort? Are you trying to tell me that my wife

 is dead and that you're the consolation prize? That's not what I'm

 saying-. I hate to disappoint you, but my wife's not dead. She's

 very much alive. - They told me there was no chance... -

 I don't care what they told you. Beth is alive, and I

 intend to keep her that way as long as possible. I'm not

 going to allow you to strip her for parts like some abandoned

 car. That's not what's happening here. This was Beth's idea. Beth was

 not in her right mind when she signed those forms. As far

 as I'm concerned, they mean nothing. And what makes you think you

 deserve her kidney? Was it those meals you shared with her? All

 the girls' nights you included her in? The little gestures of kindness

 you offered to make her feel less alone? Right. You gave her

 nothing in life, and that's exactly what you're going to get in

 death. I don't get this. Beth signed the donation forms. And a

 living will. Those are legal documents. - Aren't they binding? - Yes

 and no. You're gonna have to do a little better than \"yes

 and no\". They'll stand up in court, but this hospital's not inclined

 to wage a legal battle against a grieving husband. It's too delicate.

 He's not a grieving husband. Paul has a vendetta against my family.

 He's only doing this to make us suffer. Look, we can't publicly

 support you, but if you decide to take this on, we won't

 stand in your way. You're damn right we're gonna take this on.

 No. - We're not fighting Paul. - This is your life we're

 talking about. We can't let him win. Win? His wife shot herself.

 And you want to, what, hire lawyers? Drag him to court? I

 know that you're only thinking of me, but this is Paul's decision

 to make. It's not ours. I just want to go home. Thanks

 for helping me drop these off. No problem. It's nice to be

 out of the house. When did you start catering again? It's nothing

 official, just when I'm needed. And who's the client? They prefer to

 remain anonymous. Coffee? Doughnuts? The old drunk guy from outside the supermarket?

 This is an A.A. Meeting. It's a wonderful program. Lying to your

 son, which step is that? But now that you're here, why don't

 you give it a try? Just listen to people's shares and see

 if you relate. What am I supposed to say when I get

 up there and talk? \"Hello, my name is Andrew. My mommy brought

 me\"? No one has to know we're related. Please. Just one meeting.

 It could save your life. I see you've met Bree. My name's

 Tommy. Welcome. - First time? - Yes, first time. My name is

 Elvis. Really? That's your name? Yes, it's Elvis. Yet another reason for

 me to be mad at my mother. So? We'd have played better

 if there was a windmill. Glenn Morris, C.E.O. of Morris Technologies... A

 man who can throw a 6-iron farther than he can hit with

 one. Nice to meet you. Come over for a beer? You know?

 I should go. Next time. Do you mind if I use the

 facilities before I hit the road? No. Come on in. The bathroom's

 down there. We have five kids. You might want to squint. Actually,

 I don't need a bathroom. I need a C.F.O. My chief financial

 officer took a job in London, and there's one name on my

 list for his replacement. I know that guy. Glenn, where'd this come

 from? Carlos is always bragging about you, so I started asking around.

 Come to find out everybody loves you. What's not to love about

 Tom Scavo? I'm prepared to give you a very generous salary, stock

 options, access to the company jet. This is amazing. But no. We

 just found something not to love about Tom Scavo. What? Carlos is

 a close friend, we're just starting our busy season. I can't leave

 him in the lurch. I don't want to buy a man out

 of his loyalty. You could try. It never hurts to put in

 an offer. You have made my day, but I gotta pass. This

 conversation isn't over. I hope you're gonna talk some sense into this

 husband of yours. Talk, beat, whatever gets the job done. Now is

 when you wink, rub your hands together, and tell me you were

 playing that man like a fiddle, 'cause this blank stare... That's not

 fading is scaring the hell out of me. I'm not gonna screw

 over Carlos. What's the matter with you? Whatever happened to integrity? Nothing.

 It got a better offer from Glenn and turned into prosperity. As

 much as I appreciate you trying to run my life, this is

 my decision, and I'm saying no. We have a little time left.

 Anyone else want to share? Elvis? It's not mandatory, but we'd love

 to hear from you. I pass. This is a safe place. No

 one here is going to judge you. You know... When you talk

 about how other people try to control your lives, like Ed here

 with his boss or Mary Ann with her cat, you know, I

 can relate. I have the same kind of problem with my mother.

 I think her greatest regret in life is the fact that she

 gave birth to a son and not a puppet. She's such a

 control freak that my sister and I used to call her \"Attila

 the mom\". Could we not laugh? We're trying to heal here. Nothing

 I ever did was good enough for her. Like in the tenth

 grade, I wanted to run for class president, and the night before

 I was gonna announce, she said: \"Are you sure about this?\" \"You're

 not exactly a born leader.\" She sounds awful. Or she sounds like

 a loving mother protecting her son from disappointment? I don't think so,

 she wouldn't even listen to my speech. Maybe she was busy preparing

 dinner for a family of four with no help from her son.

 It is hard work making dinner while maintaining an atmosphere of emotional

 repression. If you ask me, some emotions could stand to be repressed.

 I'm sorry, but we're here to stop drinking, not criticize the women

 who gave us life. He's just trying to share. There is a

 difference between sharing and whining. We are definitely out of time. Thank

 you, everybody. Now let's just join hands and recite the serenity prayer.

 God... Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,

 the courage to change the things that I can, and the wisdom

 to know the difference. I wanted to remind you the party Renee

 and I are throwing tomorrow. You're still having that thing? - A

 woman's on life support. - Exactly. She's not dead. It's like you're

 making my argument for me. Put Roy and me down for a

 \"No\", but please, call us when you have your hurricane Katrina pool

 party. Renee and I are still having our party... Are you nuts?

 Our friend across the street, Betty Young, just blew her brains out.

 Beth Young. I got her name wrong. How disrespectful. I hope you

 don't tell that story tomorrow at your party. It's a little neighborhood

 gathering. Gabrielle, what is wrong with you? We didn't know Beth very

 well, but we did know Mary Alice, and this tragic event has

 brought up a lot of painful memories for us. How could you

 not realize that? They can all go to hell. - We're still

 having the party. - Are you listening to me? I got four

 \"Are you out of your minds\", three \"You make me want to

 puke\", and one \"Maybe\" from Lee. The message is pretty clear. \"Order

 less shrimp.\" We should have canceled this party the moment we heard

 about Beth. - Nobody liked her. - It doesn't matter. It's in

 horrible taste. Why can't we just change the date? For ten years

 I've had my spring fling the first Sunday of April, not the

 second Sunday, not the third, and not when a bunch of wimps

 decide they're ready to stop moping. I'm not canceling. - But nobody's

 gonna be here. - Well, we'll see about that. My social life

 is not gonna come to a stop just because some cuckoo bird

 decides to clean her ears with a handgun. For what? Making me

 the compassionate one. Is he asleep already? Yeah, he was exhausted. Not

 even Harry Potter could keep him awake tonight. I'm not trying to

 upset you, and I'm not mad, but why you won't let me

 fight to get you the kidney. I don't know. It's just... it

 just feels wrong. It shouldn't. Beth wanted you to have it. Exactly.

 She killed herself so I could have her kidney. Why? Paul's right.

 I never had so much as a pleasant exchange with the woman.

 I don't know that the reason matters. What matters is, it was

 her final wish. But it doesn't make any sense. I can't take

 her kidney, knowing that maybe I'm the reason she's lying in that

 hospital. Hey, I'm reading. Good evening, sir. Welcome aboard. Can I get

 you anything before we... take off? You could help me put my

 bag under the seat. You're not good at this, so let me

 do the talking. May I help you with your seat belt? Look...

 You're already in the upright and locked position. What's the name of

 this airline? I want to become a frequent flyer. This isn't a

 commercial airline, sir. Hotshot executives like you only fly on the corporate

 jet. I'm not taking that job. Then you'll be handling your own

 bags from now on. Lynette, we talked about this. I won't leave

 Carlos in the lurch. Great, you're loyal. I love that. But your

 stock went way up today. If you're gonna stay put, could you

 try to get something out of this? I could tell Carlos about

 the offer, see if he'll match the number. Match the number? Look...

 A seat just opened up. I wondered if you would come. They

 told me at the hospital you're trying to have Beth declared dead

 and her life support turned off. - That's not going to happen.

 - It has to. - Why? - Because she's dead. No, she's

 not. My daughter's dead. Your wife is dead. We both know what

 killed her. If you're trying to blame me for this... If this

 is your last attempt to use her to hurt me... We don't

 get to use her anymore. This sick game you and I play,

 this hate we hurl at each other has finally found a victim...

 the only innocent person in the game. I did nothing. You refused

 to believe she loved you. I turned her away because she did.

 And now she's gone. She... Maybe she can recover. I believe she

 can. You must believe it, too, or you wouldn't pray for her.

 I'm not praying for her. I'm praying for forgiveness. We did this

 to her, Paul. Now we have to stop. And we have to

 let her rest. Can I come in? Sure. I'm on my way

 to a meeting and I was hoping you might join me. The

 deal was one meeting, mom. I went and I'm done. You won't

 go back? Even for me? Elvis has left the building. I don't

 need to go, I'm fine. I hope you know that \"I don't

 have a problem\" is one of the biggest clich?s in our playbook.

 Don't get me wrong. I have plenty of problems. I have no

 job. Alex works these crazy 18-hour shifts at the hospital. What's my

 day? Long, endless stretches of nothing. I work out. I do laundry.

 I dusted the other day. Actually dusted and felt proud. How pathetic

 is that? I don't find that pathetic. I know you don't. The

 one thing that gets me through is knowing that when the night

 rolls around, I can just have a few drinks and kick back.

 And as long as I don't hurt anyone, I think I'm allowed.

 Trust me. I'll be okay. If you say so. - What? -

 You listen to me. There's been a terrible tragedy in our neighborhood.

 A woman felt desperate and alone and killed herself because nobody cared

 enough to help her. And the thing is, I was there. I

 saw that something was wrong... and I walked away. And I am

 never gonna let myself do that again, and certainly not with you.

 Alex left me. I guess he just got sick of living with

 a drunk. What did I do? - I wrecked my marriage. -

 It's gonna get better. I promise you it's gonna get better. But

 for that to start, you need to go to a meeting. I

 can't get up in front of a bunch of strangers and talk

 about this. Then... we can have a meeting right here... just the

 two of us. What do you say? That's Glenn for you. He's

 nothing if not aggressive. I swear I didn't seek this out. I

 know you didn't. You're a stand-up guy for telling me. But it

 is a very generous offer, and I figured if that's my value

 in the marketplace, that maybe I should be... Doing a little better

 here. Look, our friendship aside, you're a valuable part of this company.

 And if I had the cash... you know I'd step up. -

 But... - You know how rough things have been. You've seen the

 empty desks. We can't offer you that kind of money. But I

 don't want to lose you, so here's what I can offer... title

 bump to chief marketing officer, car allowance, and... profit participation. - How's

 that sound? - It sounds like a bunch of crap. Of course

 he pleaded poverty. Did you play hardball? Did you grind him? That's

 how I got profit participation. I worked at that company, remember? At

 the end of the year, Carlos takes the excess cash as a

 bonus, so there is no profit to participate in. What else did

 he offer you? A bogus new title? Not bogus! Chief marketing officer.

 C.M.O. And a car allowance. That's great. \"Here's your allowance, Tommy. Good

 luck on your paper route.\" You are over the line, Lynette. And

 you are walking away from real money and real power for pretend

 profits and a made-up title. Carlos might as well call you \"King

 of all important things\" and give you a pile of Monopoly money.

 Why do you keep pushing like this? If I don't, you go

 nowhere. So that's where you think I am? Nowhere? You're not gonna

 take that back? I think you are an amazing husband and father.

 But as a businessman... You're 46 and you're still trying to establish

 yourself. Opportunities like this don't keep falling from the sky. - You

 gotta grab 'em. - By stabbing my friend in the back? Do

 you think he'd hesitate if the roles were reversed? Not a chance.

 That's how he got where he is. - He's ruthless. - You

 wanna see me get ruthless? Watch what happens if you don't drop

 this. This is some crowd. Told ya. I'm pretty close to capacity,

 so you're gonna have to scoot along. I'm just stunned so many

 people came. Just shows you how little you know about the party

 circuit elite. Is that the guy from animal control who picks up

 dead birds? What? No. These are mostly people I've met* through the

 years in the Caribbean. I was going to call you. Is it

 okay if I clean your pool on Thursday instead of Wednesday? Of

 course. If you think you'll make it back from St. Barts by

 then. Don't give me that look. A good hostess knows the best

 parties have a mix of people. Honey, the only mix I see

 is the cotton/poly blend on every dress in this room. Beat it!

 You have a cool house. I don't get it. Why have a

 party when you people you really want are too sad to come?

 I'm not sad, and I'm not gonna pretend to be. I know

 you didn't like Beth, but come on, she's dying. And whose fault

 is that? Everyone keeps acting like this horrible thing happened to her.

 It didn't just happen. She did it to herself. Think about how

 much pain she must have been in. Everyone has pain. But only

 a selfish bitch checks out and passes it on to everyone else.

 Beth didn't care who she hurt. Her mother, her husband, her daughter!

 She didn't have a daughter. Amen for that, at least. Honey, you

 told me your mom died when you were young. You never said

 how. Did she take her own life? What do you think? Damn

 it. How hard is it to fill an ice bucket? I lost

 a parent when I was a kid, too. My dad. I'm not

 making comparisons here, and I understand if you don't wanna talk about

 it. Good, 'cause I don't. But I think that if you do...

 Do what? I'll feel so much better if I let it all

 out? That doesn't work for me. I'm not a hug-and-learn kind of

 gal. No, I guess you're a throw-party-and-forget kind of gal. I will

 never forget what my mother did. I think about it every day.

 But I refuse to let it be what defines me. This spring

 fling might seem shallow and insensitive to you, but it's my way

 of saying I choose life... over death. Now if you'll excuse me,

 I gotta get back to my lame-ass party. It's not a lame-ass

 party anymore... Because I'm here now. 0 to 60 in under 5

 seconds, top speed of 160, and no cup holder... 'cause you'll want

 both hands on the wheel. Sweet. Can I take it for a

 test drive? It would be our pleasure. So is the car for

 you? Your husband? Actually, no. It's for our neighbor. Is something wrong?

 Guess who's got a brand-new slap in a face parked in front

 of his house? What are you talking about? The day after he

 cries poor to me, he goes out and buys himself a $70,000

 lotus? I think the evora runs around $76,000, but what do I

 know? You were right, Lynette. I'm a pushover. I'm being loyal to

 a guy who does nothing but look out for himself. You must

 feel really betrayed. I got half a mind to call Glenn now

 and take that offer. I say... use your whole mind and do

 it. I am in. I am excited, too. You wanna have lunch

 tomorrow and hash out the details? I will see you then. Feels

 good? Feels real good. You know what's gonna feel even better? Telling

 carlos to go screw himself. No! Wait! Wait! Don't try and stop

 me! I'm gonna tell that guy just where he can stick his

 Evora. Before you do, it's not Carlos'. I borrowed it from the

 dealer and I parked it there. - What? - I know. I'm

 sorry. It sounds very bad, but I did it for a very

 good reason. That you can manipulate me into doing whatever you want?

 Carlos didn't buy that car, he could have without even feeling it...

 Because he's the kind of guy who doesn't let a good opportunity

 get by him. Meanwhile, you're his dutiful number two, staring down the

 street at a car you wish you had. Get in. We're taking

 it back, then I'm calling Glenn. - Just one... - Get in.

 This could be you, driving this car, living this life, being that

 guy. I understand if you wanna say no to all that, but

 I don't even think you've asked yourself, do I want it? It

 would be better if you didn't talk right now. I can't tell

 if we are gonna drive... or fly. What time does it have

 to be back? He said 4:00, but they don't close till 6:00.

 I'm guessing we could be a little late. Let's be a little

 late. Would it be okay if I came in? Actually, I was...

 Sure. I've never been to your apartment. It's not much. No, it's

 quite nice. I'm on my way to the hospital to see Beth...

 to say good-bye. I've alerted the transplant office that we'll be moving

 forward with her request. I'm sure as soon as I sign the

 papers, they'll be contacting you. I don't understand. You're getting your kidney.

 I thought you said... I would be very grateful to you if

 you could... Forget a lot of the things that I said. You

 were right, Paul. I was terrible to Beth. I was. I never

 gave her a chance. I never tried to get to know her.

 Why would she do this for me when I did nothing to

 deserve it? Beth didn't love people because they deserved it. Believe me.

 I know that. I'm so confused... I don't know if I can

 accept. Honor Beth's life by allowing her to make you well, for

 your son, for your family, for your friends. I am so... very,

 very sorry about your wife. I am, too. There comes a moment

 when our lives change forever... The moment we admit our weaknesses... The

 moment we rise to a challenge... The moment we accept a sacrifice...

 or let a loved one go. And sometimes... the change in our

 lives... is an answer to our prayers. Thought I found you here.

 So sorry for your loss. I'm sure this is a small consolation.

 But I've just heard from the parole board, they've decided to grant

 your request for humanitarian release. Ironic, isn't it? My daughter had to

