 ":"MARY

 ALICE: Previously on Desperate Housewives. Gabby learned a secret. Lee and I

 are trying to adopt a baby. Mike made a commitment. I can

 be a guy who takes care of his family. Lynette was warned.

 I told Preston I want to move up wedding to next week.

 Next week? A killer put everyone on edge. I can't believe she's

 dead. I gotta go home. My mom's so freaked out that this

 could've been me, she wants me around. - So, you're my brother?

 - Half-brother, to be precise. Suspicion was born... ORSON: What do we

 really know about Sam? ANDREW: I should find out everything I can.

 Why shouldn't you? He's your brother. ...and a very dangerous man arrived

 on Wisteria Lane. Good neighbors. They loan you cups of sugar. They

 tell you why your car won't start. They even help you find

 your lost pets. LEE: I just want to know who this person

 is! That's all... Good neighbors also come over at the slightest hint

 of trouble, whether you want them there or not. LEE: You're being

 unreasonable! BOB: You know what? - I'm tired of fighting about this!

 - LEE: Okay, fine! Walk away! That's what you always do! Gabby,

 what are you doing? Uh... I came to return this magazine Lee

 lent me, but you two were arguing, so... So you decided it

 would be fun to eavesdrop? God, it's like you see into my

 soul, and yet you don't judge. Thank you. Come on. Tell me

 what happened. - Our egg donor backed out. - Not again. And

 the surrogate we hired will pull out if the procedure isn't done

 in the next month. Well, can't you find another egg donor? We

 could if Lee wasn't so picky. Why are you discussing this with

 her? For God sakes, I was eavesdropping. Catch up. Okay, yeah. I'm

 picky. We spent two years choosing a mattress. I'm not just going

 to get our child's DNA out of the Yellow Pages. If we

 lose the surrogate, it could take months to find another one. Yeah,

 and then she'll drop out for some ridiculous reason, and I can't

 take any more of this! Yeah, maybe we're not supposed to be

 parents. BOB: Don't talk like that. Come on! Doesn't it seem like

 the universe is trying to tell us something? Why not take mine?

 Take your what? My eggs. I mean, I've got plenty, and I

 hate to see you guys so unhappy. So, what the heck? MARY

 ALICE: Good neighbors. They're people who try to help others. Oh! (CHUCKLES)

 Bad neighbors are people who make promises they can't possibly keep. MARY

 ALICE: The morning paper said a young girl was missing. It quoted

 her family, who said she had vanished on her way to work.

 It quoted her friends, who said she wasn't the type to run

 away from home. It quoted the police, who said they had very

 little evidence to go on. Sadly, people didn't pay much attention to

 this bit of news. No one thinks about evil until it shows

 up on their doorstep... ...which it soon would. Oh, my God! Thief!

 Hey! You! Freeze! Whoa, whoa! Lady, put that thing down. Yeah, and

 while I'm at it, why don't I just hand you the keys?

 Now, hit the dirt! Relax. I'm not stealing anything. This is a

 repossession. Do I look stupid to you? Fire! Fire! What the hell

 are you doing? People come quicker when you yell \"fire.\" Now, I

 believe I told you to hit the dirt! Where's the fire? -

 Susan, you okay? - I'm fine! Just call 911! Hey, what's going

 on? This thief is trying to steal your truck! Hey, you the

 guy who's four months behind on his payments? Yeah. Stop, drop, and

 roll! Stop, drop, and roll! Why didn't you tell me you were

 having money problems? I was hoping business would pick up before anybody

 found out. (FIRE ENGINE HONKING) But I guess that's no longer an

 option. Mike, we talked about this. I told you I'm willing to

 help. And I told you I'm not taking my wife's money. Well,

 enough with the macho pride. I make a steady paycheck. And I

 have all of that money from selling Karl's strip club. No! I'm

 definitely not taking your ex-husband's money. - Are we done here? -

 Sure. As long as you can explain how you're going to run

 a plumbing business without a truck. I don't know. I'll figure it

 out. And for the cover of the book, I see you in

 an evening gown, sitting on a bale of hay, ringing a dinner

 bell. I love it. Such a sense of whimsy. Well, if it

 isn't the dynamic duo. How did your meeting with the publisher go?

 Fantastic. Bruce loved the idea of a nouvelle Southern cookbook, and your

 brother came up with the marketing slogan in the room. Tell him,

 Sam. \"Mrs. Van De Kamp introduces you to upscale down-home cuisine.\" Catchy.

 I guess you know all about marketing, having an MBA and all.

 I guess so. Except, of course, you don't actually have an MBA.

 What are you talking about? I made a few calls, checked a

 few records. Turns out, the golden child never got his degree. Is

 this true? Yes. I'm a few classes short. - Is one of

 them Ethics? - Andrew, please. I don't understand. It was the final

 semester. We were about two months in when the doctor told me

 my mother was terminal. I left school and brought her home so

 she didn't have to die in the hospital. If you like, I

 can save you a phone call and bring in her death certificate.

 That's okay. (CLEARS THROAT) The university let me graduate with my class.

 I should finish my coursework next month. But I'm sorry, Bree. I

 should not have misrepresented myself. Everyone steps over the line now and

 then. Let's all make an effort not to, shall we? (SPEAKING RUSSIAN)

 This woman is incompetent. Why you bring me here? Hey, you're the

 one who had to come to a Russian bridal shop. It was

 mistake. Well, look at the fun you're having chewing people out in

 your native tongue. Look, hey, sorry for the way she's been talking

 to you. Don't worry. You're not losing a son, you're gaining a

 pain in the ass. Tell me about it. My son is marrying

 a woman he barely knows, he's making the biggest mistake of his

 life, and I am powerless to stop him. If you like, maybe

 I get a little sloppy with the push pins? Aw. You're sweet.

 (CELL PHONE RINGING) Irina? It's your phone. If it's Preston, tell him

 I'll be home soon. Okay, Your Highness. Bride's phone. MAN: Irina! (MAN

 SPEAKING RUSSIAN) Okay, slow down. I don't speak Russian. Irina, it's some

 Russian guy, and he doesn't sound happy. Alexei? (SPEAKING RUSSIAN) - Who

 was that? - Wrong number. Wrong number? He asked for you by

 name. If I wanted you to know, I would say it in

 English. SALESGIRL: Missus. I can say it in English. Hey. Double cappuccino,

 extra hot. You need anything else? Inspiration. Sorry. We just have muffins.

 (LAUGHS) - What are you working on? - A novel. I know,

 another guy in a coffee shop writing a novel, just what the

 world needs. No, I think it's cool. You mind if I ask

 what it's about? You really want to know? I do. It started

 out as a love story, but it's getting kind of dark. This

 guy meets this girl, takes her from nothing, gives her life meaning,

 basically creates her. Okay. Then one day, she just disappears, vanishes with

 another man. Sucks for the guy. And she takes his baby. Damn.

 She sounds like a bitch. Sure does. Anyhow, I'm up to the

 point where the guy who's been looking for her for a long

 time finally tracks her down. And that's where I'm kind of stuck.

 What does he do? Well, I don't know all the details, but

 you said it was dark, right? Yeah. Seems to me, the guy

 would kill her. Funny, that was exactly my first instinct, too. -

 No. - No? You asked my permission to be an egg donor,

 and I said \"no.\" I wasn't asking you. I was telling you.

 Sorry. You can't do this without my approval. Those eggs are half

 mine. - How so? - I'm your husband. I own 50% of

 whatever comes out of that uterus. Oh? So you think you own

 my body? I pay for the clothes it wears, the massages it

 receives, and the implants it will one day require. If I don't

 own it, I'm at least a major stockholder. Which means I can

 stop you from handing out your eggs like party favors to every

 childless gay couple that wanders by. You cannot stop me. I can

 do whatever I want with my eggs. And I can do whatever

 I want with the credit cards I pay for. For example, I

 can cut them up. I don't care about credit cards. I'm trying

 to do something noble here. I am helping these people become a

 family. You've hidden the cards, haven't you? Damn straight. Okay, I am

 begging you, as your husband, please don't do this. It'll be too

 weird having your DNA living next door. I don't care. My mind

 is made up. I'm going to help Bob and Lee have a

 baby, so they can experience the same love and joy that we

 occasionally have with our children. So the Russian salesgirl translated for me,

 and you'll never guess what Irina said to the angry guy on

 the phone. Please don't make me guess. She said, \"Go ahead and

 call the police. You'll never find me.\" That's it? How much more

 do you need? She is a foreigner, she's done something criminal. Start

 your deportation now! Ma'am, without proof of criminal activity, there's nothing I

 can do. But can't you at least interrogate her? Yes? And if

 you want to slap her around a bit, you'll get no complaints

 from me. Look, Mrs. Scavo, we are a government agency. We can't

 investigate your future daughter-in-law just because you don't think she's good for

 your son. Ah. It all makes sense now. You're single, right? -

 Never had any kids? - Yeah, so? You just don't get it.

 Hi. Nice-looking family. That your daughter-in-law? - Yeah. - You two get

 along? Don't get me started. Got a minute? MJ, what are you

 doing? Clogging the sink. - What? - Daddy needs work. Oh. Honey,

 that's sweet. But Daddy only gets paid when other people have plumbing

 problems. So I should do this to somebody else's sink? No, honey.

 That would be wrong. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Hi. I'm having a problem

 with Mike and his male ego. Long story short, can I clog

 your drain? So, don't phone Mike until I get home. And when

 you call him, sound desperate. That way, he'll feel useful. But don't

 call till Saturday. He gets double time on weekends. (GARBAGE DISPOSAL GRINDING)

 There's enough there for a tip, but careful when you give it

 to him. I don't want him thinking anyone's doing him a favor.

 BREE: Trust me, Bruce, after they taste these recipes, they will be

 on board. Just give me the chance to dazzle them. Okay. Bye.

 Problems? Bruce got a little resistance when he met with the sales

 team. They fear Southern cookbooks are a tad overdone. So, I suggested

 we have a little dinner to let them sample the recipes themselves.

 Excellent. We have to really impress them. Let's see if we can

 book the private dining room at the Britannian Hotel. I'll take care

 of it. But before I do, I have something difficult to say.

 Well, I hope it's not about that silly MBA business. I think

 I know why Andrew tried to discredit me yesterday. Oh? He knew

 you had me auditing the books, and he knew what I was

 going to find. What did you find? Did you charge the Donellys

 for five cases of vodka? Yeah, so? According to our invoices, only

 four were delivered to their party. And the Rotary Club luncheon was

 charged for seven cases of wine, and only six showed up. Why

 are you even looking at this stuff? And I seem to recall

 you having a party that same weekend, with lots of wine and

 lots of vodka. Okay, yeah. I took some leftover booze to my

 house for a party. - What's the big deal? - It wasn't

 leftover. You charged the client for that liquor. That's stealing. Is Sam

 the one who told you about this? - We're not talking about

 Sam right now. - But we need to. - Can't you see

 the type of person he is? - Yes. He is the type

 of person who leaves college to care for his dying mother. You

 are the type of person who steals from clients. Believe what you

 want to believe, but I'm not going to listen to this. Andrew!

 Don't you walk away from me! Can't you see how he's manipulating

 you? How stupid can you be? Apparently, I'm stupid enough to have

 trusted you. Well, if I'm the problem, why not just fire me?

 I'm tempted. Don't push me. Clear your things out and turn in

 your keys. (DOOR SLAMS SHUT) Hey, Tom. Did Irina and Preston say

 when they'd be back from the mall? - Stop! - Stop what?

 Not you. I'm teaching Parker to drive. Okay. I'm planning to steal

 Irina's passport number. Oh, God. What are you up to now? I

 have a new best friend at Immigration, who's got a friend at

 the Russian Embassy, who's agreed to initiate a background search. Lynette! This

 is getting out of hand. That woman is hiding something, and I

 am taking her down. (SIGHS) (EX CLAIMS) (DOOR CLOSES) (GIGGLING) Come on.

 PRESTON: We shouldn't be in here with the door closed. My mom

 gets a little freaked out. Your mother is a prude. That is

 what happens to women when they grow old. Now kiss me. PRESTON:

 Oh, my God! - (CELL PHONE BEEPS) - Who's that? Your mom.

 \"Get home now. Trapped behind the closet door. \"Preston and Irina are

 about to...\" Pull over! I got to get home fast! I can

 go fast. (CHUCKLING) Seriously, Irina, my mom's in the house. I know.

 Is what make it fun. (BOTH GIGGLING) Mmm! Honey-maple short ribs drizzled

 with Manzanilla sherry. These are amazing. Bruce's sales team will be powerless

 to resist. Boy, you are really focused on this dinner, which is

 amazing, considering what happened. I mean, firing your own son. I've done

 worse things to Andrew. We have a very complicated relationship. You'll see

 that, the longer you're at the company. How? You fired him. No,

 that's just our pattern. He provokes me, and I push him away,

 but we always come back together. - So you're going to bring

 him back in? - Eventually. But the stealing, and the way he

 spoke to you, I... Sam, he's my son. - Hey. Busy day,

 huh? - Yeah, a busy week. It's so funny, I've had all

 this work right here on the lane. Well, that's good, right? Especially

 since you don't have your truck. Uh-huh. Hey, guess what I found?

 Oh. My earring. I've been looking all over for that. Where'd you

 find it? Gabby's bathtub drain. Oh. Oh. Of course. Gabby and I

 went jogging, and then I hugged her, so my earring probably got

 caught in her sports bra, and when she went to take a

 bath... Hey, do you want to have sex? So, Gabby's drain, Angie's

 garbage disposal, Lynette's toilet... I mean, the really dirty sex? So, now

 I have to return all that money. No, you don't. I gave

 it to them. You're saying everyone on the street knows I'm having

 financial trouble? Well, I think they already figured that out when they

 saw your truck get repossessed out of our driveway. This is humiliating,

 Susan. I'm sorry. But it all could've been prevented if you'd just

 let me make a few stupid payments on your truck. I told

 you, I don't want your help. This is my business, my problem.

 You know, I don't remember all those \"my's\" in our wedding vows.

 It's supposed to be a partnership. If you can't let me help

 you, maybe there's something wrong with our marriage. I'm not going to

 listen to this, all right? I'm tired. I had a busy day

 wasting my time. I'll sleep on the couch. (SIGHS) (SOFT CLATTERING) Danny?

 You up there? (THUDDING) (PHONE RINGING) (EXHALES) Hello? Jeez, Nick, you scared

 me. I just got home and I thought I heard a noise.

 No, it's fine. Just hurry home, okay? To Gabrielle Solis. The best

 neighbor two childless, upwardly-mobile gay guys - could ever have. - Aw!

 Okay. - Hey! - No, no, no. That was purely ceremonial. We

 don't want you drinking. Why? Does it affect my fertility? That, and

 you're kind of a sloppy drunk. Fine. Let's talk babies. So, what

 are you guys hoping for, a boy or a girl? I want

 a girl. That way, we can put her in baby beauty pageants.

 Yeah, they're so cute in their makeup - and rhinestone dresses. -

 I know, right? - Really? You guys are going to do that?

 - Why not? It's just, I kind of dabbled in that world,

 and for me, it was a bit much. Well, don't panic, 50%

 chance it's a boy. Then it's makeup and rhinestone vests. What? He's

 kidding. (CHUCKLES) He better be. There's no way I'm allowing that. Now

 that I think about it, I do hope we have a boy.

 And why is that? I already have two girls. I'm so sick

 of buying dresses. When he's old enough, I'm going to take him

 on the biggest shopping spree ever. All right. I guess you can

 do that when we come back to visit. Visit? Where are you

 going? My mother lives in upstate New York. We thought we'd move

 closer to her so the baby can be around family. Really? Is

 that a problem? It just never occurred to me that you guys

 would leave and take my only son. Gabby, this child, it'll have

 your genes, but it won't be yours. You get that, right? Of

 course. I mean, that's the only way it can work, right? (CHUCKLES

 AWKWARDLY) CARLOS: Come on, you ready? Okay, no peeking. You going to

 beat me again this time? Hey, guys. Mommy, why do you look

 so sad? Well, I was just thinking about what it would be

 like if I couldn't see your face every day, and it made

 me sad. What's going on? Come out of the kitchen. I want

 you to spend some time with these people. - Mingle. Have a

 drink. - I don't drink, Bruce. I'm an alcoholic. One drink! I'm

 not asking you to swing from the chandelier. Why are you so

 nervous? I really put my neck on the line for this book,

 Bree. No one likes the idea. No one. I should have stopped

 at just one drink. - Look, they are going to love the

 food. - I hope so. Because if they don't, I don't see

 how you're going to publish another book of any kind. Hop to,

 people! This is a big one. - Something wrong? - What's this?

 It's the sherry we drizzle on the ribs. - This isn't sherry.

 This is vinegar. - Vinegar? Oh, my God. Oh, my God! It's

 ruined! They're all ruined! It's disgusting! The floor's not looking so great

 either. Stop. We can't serve this food. We've already taken out most

 of the plates. Well, don't just stand there! Go get them back!

 How could it be vinegar? We tested the recipe last night and

 it was perfect, and then I locked the sherry in the liquor

 cabinet. Who had access? Did you give Andrew's keys to anyone after

 you fired him? He never returned his key. Oh, Bree... They won't

 give the plates back. The publisher guy is giving a little speech,

 and then they're going to eat. No, no, no. I'm not going

 to lose my cookbook career over this. (SIGHS) Oh, God. Hand me

 that torch. Bon app?tit, everybody! (PEOPLE EX CLAIMING) We're serving cobbler in

 the parking lot! I just made you real hot chocolate. Don't I

 get a smile? My son tried to ruin my career tonight. I

 don't think I'll ever smile again. Honestly, I don't think Andrew had

 anything to do with it. - You don't? - Mmm. Look at

 the planning that went into it. The vinegar had to be substituted

 for the sherry after you'd selected the bottle, but before you'd left

 for the event. And the ingredient had to be something you wouldn't

 sample. Come on. Andrew's not clever enough to pull that off. He

 can't even steal a case of wine without getting caught. Well, then

 who do you think did it? Well, they'd have to be somebody

 pretty smart, at least smart enough to get an MBA. Sam? That's

 ridiculous. Why would he want to hurt me? Who said he wanted

 to hurt you? Andrew's the one taking this fall. No, that's not

 possible. What does he stand to gain? Hmm. What a good question.

 Enjoy your chocolate. Every once in a while, I catch Susan looking

 at me this certain way. You know, when I'm putting on my

 shirt or mowing the lawn, I'll turn my head and I'll catch

 her with this look in her eyes. And I know she's thinking

 that she's lucky to have me. So how can I tell her

 I'm dead broke? How can I say, \"I can't take your money,

 \"because it won't begin to cover the debts \"I've been racking up

 for the last year.\" She thinks it's a couple of truck payments.

 She's got no idea. This would really hurt her. If she found

 out I'd kept this from her, I don't think I'd ever see

 that look from her again, and I can't let that happen. Tell

 me how much you need. (SIGHS) (BELL TINKLING) Double cap, extra hot,

 right? Wow. Good memory. Haven't seen you for a while. I thought

 maybe you left town. I'm not leaving till I finish my book.

 Right, yeah. How's that going? Did the guy kill her? I tried

 to write it that way. He went over there, she was alone.

 He had the chance. And what happened? It just seemed too easy.

 (CHUCKLES) So you're stuck again? No. I've got a better idea. If

 you think about it, the worst part of what she did was

 taking the kid, right? So, I figure the best way for him

 to get revenge is to take something from her. But what can

 he take that's going to be as bad as what she did?

 The kid! He's going to take the kid, right? That's what I'm

 thinking. Hey. Hey. So, I guess Carlos talked to you guys? He

 did. I feel awful. But the more he thought about it, he

 just couldn't let me do this. And let's face it, he does

 have a say. It's completely understandable, Gabby. It was a lot to

 ask. So, where's Lee? I want to talk to him, too. He

 left. Left... After Carlos came over, Lee and I got into yet

 another fight, and we broke up. Are you kidding me? Lee says

 he can't go through it again. I'm determined to have a child.

 So... (SIGHS) Is there anything I can do? Oh. Right. Sorry. It's

 okay, Gabby. Like I said, it was a lot to ask. -

 My left shoe is missing! - We'll find it. I can't get

 married in one shoe! Just get dressed. The wedding starts in half

 an hour. Hey, maybe he should wear sneakers. It'll be wild, like

 he's too cool to care. Or I could just help him keep

 looking. - There you go. - Okay. Lynette, help me look for

 Preston's shoe... Lynette? What are you doing? I need your help. Preston

 can't find his shoe. - I put it in the oven. -

 Why? Because that woman at Immigration never called me back, and I

 am screwed. (SIGHING) Honey, come on. Hiding a shoe isn't going to

 stop them from getting married. I know. I just wanted a few

 more minutes before I had to tell my son I'm not going

 to his wedding. - Lynette... - I will not be a hypocrite,

 Tom. I know how you feel. But if you think Irina's got

 power now, just you wait until you don't show up to your

 son's wedding. Oh, I wish... I wish I went to church more

 often. I could really use a favor from the man upstairs right

 about now. Mrs. Scavo, you're not going to believe what I found.

 I'll see you Sunday morning. You look beautiful. Thank you. I'm guessing

 this one's much nicer than your first wedding dress. You know, when

 you got married in Russia to Alexei Kosokov. Here in America, we

 actually get divorced before we get married again. Otherwise, you spend your

 honeymoon in jail. Alexei told me if I marry him, he will

 give me good life. But he didn't. He never worked and he

 treat me badly. Now he won't sign the divorce papers unless I

 give him money. Uh-huh. Okay, that explains Alexei. What about the guy

 in Italy who pressed charges after you cleaned out his bank account?

 That guy was a pig. Believe me, I earned every penny. We

 have a term in America for women who get paid for sex,

 and it's not \"daughter-in-law.\" You know why it doesn't bother me that

 you don't like me? Can't wait. Because it really doesn't matter. All

 that matters is that one hour from now, I will have a

 ring on this finger and I will be the most important person

 in his life. So give Preston your little file. I will explain

 it all away, and he will believe every word. He always does.

 Preston. Mom, do you mind? I need to talk to Irina. Hey.

 Your father told me you called off the wedding. Obviously, I think

 you are doing the right thing. I know you hate me right

 now, and I just want you to know that I am okay

 with that. I love you so much, I would rather have you

 resent me, or even cut me off completely, than to allow you

 to make a mistake that could ruin your life. So go ahead,

 hate me for as long as you want, and when you are

 done, I will be here waiting. Try not to take too long

 because I miss you already. Hey! Hey, where you going? Motel, till

 I get flight out of this horrible place. What? The Scavos couldn't

 even give you a lift? That's harsh. I want nothing from the

 Scavos. They're dead to me. Lucky for you, I am not a

 Scavo. Come on. (SIGHS) Sorry about the wedding. It's Preston's loss, man.

 I mean, he'll never get someone as hot as you again. I

 don't want to talk about it. Sure. You know, I get that.

 You know, if you want to save money, you could always skip

 the motel and stay at my place. I don't think so. I

 promise, no funny business. I mean, unless you want some. Yeah, I

 mean, think of it as a transition relationship. It'll help you get

 over Preston. I have no problem letting you use me. Okay. Enough.

 I'm a little out of your league, don't you think? I mean,

 I didn't come to America to end up with some greasy-haired little

 boy. (LAUGHING) (TIRES SCREECHING) What are you doing? Eddie? (IRINA SCREAMING) MARY

 ALICE: We all know that evil exists. The newspapers are filled with

 stories about young girls who suddenly vanish. But we don't pay attention,

 because we're worried about our marriages... ...concerned about our friendships, anxious about

 our employees. Yes, we don't pay attention to evil because we think

 it will never come to our house. But it does. Hey, Mrs.

 Scavo. I'm here to pick up Porter for school. And sometimes... -

