 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives. A friendship was torn apart. I care about my

 friends. Sorry, you are no longer part of that group. - I

 need to talk to you. - What, here? Bree's affair was revealed

 to Orson. Mona threatened Angie. You've got till tomorrow to come up

 with the rest of the money, or I go to the police.

 And then tragedy struck. Celia! I'm at the site of a bizarre

 accident that happened just hours ago... If you watch the news tonight,

 you will be told all about a tragedy that occurred on a

 quiet suburban street. You will hear eyewitness accounts of the crash. You

 will learn the extent of the damage. But the news can't tell

 you who survived, because no one yet knows for sure. Dr. Ineson

 to the E.R. Dr. Fred Ineson to the E.R. Susan, thank God

 you're here. I was on my way home and I got this

 text from Julie. She said a plane crashed onto the lane? A

 single-engine plane that had to make an emergency landing. The pilot had

 a heart attack. Julie said Karl was taken away in an ambulance?

 Yeah. He's in surgery. How bad is it? He's going to make

 it, right? There was a lot of bleeding. The doctors are doing

 the best they can. You want to sit down? Here, have a

 seat. Come here. Was anyone else hurt? Orson and Mona Clark. Yeah,

 they're still in surgery. Bree got a little banged up, but the

 nurse says she's going to be okay. And little Celia might have

 a concussion. - What happened? - The plane was headed straight for

 her, and Lynette ran over and pushed her out of the way.

 You saved her life. Come on, you would have done the same

 thing for my kids. It's no big deal. No, Lynette. We owe

 you everything. So, what do we do now? I guess we just

 wait and pray. I think that's a really good idea. Lynette, are

 you okay? I don't know, I just... I have this terrible pain.

 The truth is, no one knows who survived that tragic plane crash...

 Tom, I think there's something wrong with the babies. ...or more importantly,

 who didn't. Father O'Brien, report to the Sacred Heart Chapel. Any word

 about Karl? He's still in surgery. God, I feel like such a

 hypocrite. After that guy cheated on you, I hated his guts. Never

 spoke to him again. And I was just in the chapel praying

 for him. I know what you mean. It's pretty complicated for me,

 too. With that, Susan began to think of her marriage to Karl.

 How wonderfully it had started. How they had been so happy. Until

 the day Susan found lipstick where she shouldn't have. Susan then thought

 of the day she told Karl to leave. And she wondered, what

 if she hadn't? Wait, wait! Don't go. - You just kicked me

 out. - I know. I've put 12 years of my life into

 this marriage, and we have a daughter. We owe it to Julie

 to try to work this out. - Oh, Susie... - Don't touch

 me. You're still a pig. Okay, so, if we are going to

 put this behind us, I need to know about everyone that you've

 been with since we were married. Everyone? I don't think this is

 a good idea. Karl, I don't want to be wondering when we

 go to a party or restaurant, \"Did he sleep with her? Her?

 Her?\" Okay, well, you found out about Brandy. Yes, it was nice

 to put the panties with a face. Go on. Before her... Let's

 see, there was Amber, the dental hygienist. Kwan Lee, the massage lady.

 Remember when we had cable installed, and you wondered why we got

 so many channels for free? Okay, you know what? Maybe you were

 right. It's good to have some secrets between a couple. Why don't

 you just go upstairs and unpack your stuff? I will learn how

 to swallow my rage. You are not going to regret this. Hey,

 there. I'm Mike Delfino. Yes. We met at Mary Alice's funeral. Your

 husband told me you have a clogged sink? Oh, yeah. Come on

 in. So, how are you liking the neighborhood so far? I like

 it. It seems quiet and friendly. It is. And safe. I bet

 we have the lowest crime rate in America. You gonna get that?

 Nah, let the machine get it. Hi, it's Susan and Karl, leave

 us a message. Hey, Suze, it's me. Listen, I'm going to be

 working late. Don't hold dinner for me. By the way, the switchboard's

 going to be closed so don't bother calling. Love you. He's screwing

 his secretary. Huh? My husband. He thinks he's fooling me, but he's

 not. I'm sorry. You know what would serve him right? To come

 home and find me in bed with another man. - Yeah, I

 got to go. - What's the rush? Well, I've got to get

 a part at the hardware store. And they close at 6:00. Oh,

 my God, am I that undesirable? No! You're very desirable. In a

 big way. Did you just call me fat? No, no, I... I

 think you're very beautiful. It's just... You know, you're married. Oh. Right.

 I'm sorry. Look, if you're unhappy, you should do something about it.

 Please, not another business trip. Please, let it be another business trip.

 I tried. I'm sorry. That's it? Fifteen years of marriage, and that's

 all I get, two lousy sentences? I don't know what else to

 say. I don't know. How about, \"Hey, Susan, thanks for eating nothing

 but broccoli \"and colon cleanser for the last six months \"so you

 could lose weight and look good for me\"? Or, \"Hey, Susan, thanks

 for wasting the best years of your life \"while I went out

 and banged everything \"with a GED and a tramp stamp.\" I'm sorry,

 okay? But you could've spared yourself all this pain if you'd just

 let me go the first time. You really do deserve better, Susan.

 Mrs. Delfino? Karl didn't make it. Oh, my God. If there's anything

 you need, we have counselors available. No, I'll be fine. Thank you.

 I can't imagine what you must be feeling. Mostly, I'm feeling grateful.

 Bree Hodge was told about the death of Karl Mayer 12 that

 evening. She became so hysterical 18. It wasn't long before she fell

 asleep, and then she began to dream. A dream about what her

 life would have been like if Karl hadn't died. You are so

 corny. No deviating from the marriage playbook. I'm doing it right this

 time. - Happy? - Karl, you've made me happy in ways I

 couldn't even imagine. Now, if it wouldn't be too much trouble, would

 you mind pulling down my zipper with your teeth and taking me

 on the table? Nag, nag, nag. What is it with you women

 once you get a ring on? All right, if you're a stickler

 for tradition, we could always take it up to our bedroom. \"Our

 bedroom.\" I like the sound of that. Well, get used to it,

 because it's going to be our bedroom for a long, long time.

 I meant what I said when I proposed. Being with you is

 going to make me into a whole different man. Well, I hope

 not completely different. I don't ever want to lose that sexy beast

 who swept me off my feet. Trust me. He's not going anywhere.

 Wow! Honey, that was fantastic. - Bree! - Oh, my God! You're

 supposed to be catering a wedding. Yes, clearly this is my fault.

 - Courtney? - I'm so sorry, Bree. Really, Karl, my yoga instructor?

 No charge for next month, okay? Like I'm keeping you? Get the

 hell out of my house. She's going. I'm not talking to her!

 How could you, Karl? In our own bed? Yeah, you're right. That

 was tacky. I'm so sorry. Bye. - I'll call you. - What?

 Sorry, force of habit. Look, this thing doesn't have to mean any

 more than we decide it does. You made a vow to me,

 Karl. Oh, my God. Why did I think I could change you?

 Yeah, I know. You thought you could turn me into your personal

 lapdog, like Orson. You leave Orson out of this! Why? I haven't

 done a thing to you that you didn't do to him. Get

 out of my house. - Truth hurts, doesn't it? - Get out!

 I didn't know who else to call. You were his emergency contact.

 I'm just a little surprised. Orson and I hadn't spoken in nearly

 10 years. Are you sure there wasn't someone else in his life?

 - A girlfriend, maybe? - Never saw one. In fact, in the

 seven years he lived here, I never saw anybody visit him at

 all. Um... Where did you find him? In the bed. Paramedics said

 it was a heart attack. He'd been there two days. Can you

 imagine? Just like that, you're gone and no one notices. Poor Orson.

 Well, take whatever you want. I'll have Goodwill pick up the rest.

 You know, he spoke about you constantly. It was always, \"Bree this,

 Bree that.\" It's almost like he died of... What? Say it. Like

 he died of a broken heart. Mrs. Hodge, I just want to

 tell you, your husband's out of danger. Thank God for that. But

 there were some complications. What kind of complications? This is a preliminary

 assessment, but it seems there's been some damage to his spinal column.

 What does that mean, exactly? There's a good chance your husband is

 paralyzed. Excuse me, can you tell me anything about Mona Clark's condition?

 The doctors, they did everything they could. But that woman, I mean,

 she was hit by a plane. Oh, my God. Now all we

 can do is wait and hope that she pulls through. \"Pulls through\"?

 Yes. Your friend's a real fighter. She's hanging in there. - How?

 She got hit by a plane! - The doctors couldn't believe it,

 either. I don't know if you're religious, but now would be the

 time to pray. Oh, believe me, we will. Dear God, please take

 that blackmailing bitch home now. A fricking plane hit her. What's it

 going to take, a silver bullet? All right, look, I'm gonna go

 home, pack up our stuff. You stay here. If they pry the

 propeller out of that woman's mouth and she starts yapping, get the

 hell out of here. Just like that, Angie Bolen began to consider

 what was happening. She thought of the doctors trying to save Mona

 and how long it might take her to recover. Then she imagined

 Mona waking up and telling the police everything she knew. And Angie

 asked herself, what would happen if Mona Clark lived? How about a

 little lunch, Ms. De Luca? Eggplant parm. Maybe it's not like the

 place we used to see you go into on East 10th Street,

 but not bad. - I want to see Nick. - He's a

 little busy at the moment. I just want to talk to him

 for a couple of minutes. As far as the Bureau is concerned,

 Nick is a traitor. Get used to it. You're never going to

 talk to him again. What about Danny? Tyler is with your mother.

 But enough about what you want. Here's what I want. Patrick Logan.

 You need to be thinking real clear right now. We know Logan

 ran everything. But without him, it's all going to fall on you.

 I don't know where he is. I haven't spoken to him since

 that night. You've been on the run 18 years, and you and

 your former lover don't even exchange a phone call? Don't take this

 personally, Agent Padilla, but you guys weren't the ones I was running

 from. Look, I know Logan. I know how scary he is. But

 I think the situation you're in now is worse. Then you don't

 know how scary he is. Federal sentencing guidelines dictate the punishment in

 this case. There's no room for leniency from the court. That being

 said, Ms. De Luca, you have indicated that you would like to

 address the court. Thank you, Your Honor. No one was supposed to

 get hurt. We just believed in something, and we wanted to make

 other people believe in it, too. But someone did get hurt. A

 man died. I read every newspaper article about your husband, about Sean.

 How he coached Little League, that the whole neighborhood came to his

 funeral. I never lived in a world like that until we moved

 to Fairview. I never felt like a part of a community. Which

 made it so much clearer to me, how horrible it is that

 I brought so much pain to yours. Please rise for sentencing. Angela

 De Luca, you are hereby sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility

 of parole. Marshals, remand the prisoner to custody. Mom. Mom. Mom! So,

 how is she? I'm... I'm so sorry. She didn't make it. I

 know how upset you must be. Please don't be angry with God

 because your prayers weren't answered. Don't worry about it, hon. Me and

 God are good. Dr. Whiteman to Oncology. I spoke with the doctor.

 They are going to keep her overnight, for observation. I thought they

 said she was fine. Well, they're just being extra cautious, that's all.

 Look at her. I feel bad even saying it, with everything that's

 happened, but we really lucked out, huh? I don't think it was

 luck. I think it was God. Actually, it was Lynette. No, Lynette

 was his instrument. Either way, it was a hell of a tune.

 I'm serious. I think God saved Celia because she's special. She has

 a gift. What kind of gift? I'm not sure yet. But she

 has one. I know she's going to do something amazing with her

 life. Fine. While you figure out how our daughter's going to change

 the world, I'm going to the cafeteria. See you in a few.

 As she lay there, Gabrielle began to think of ways her daughter

 could shine. She thought of music, and sports, and other creative pastimes.

 And before she drifted off to sleep, Gabrielle wondered, what if her

 daughter was destined to be a great actress? - Hi. - Hi.

 Celia Solis. How old are you? Five. It's our first audition. We're

 very excited. Great. Such a cutie. Just what we're looking for. Well,

 she can be cuter. Show him, honey. Good girl. Okay, Celia, this

 is a... Here. This is a commercial for Ouch Away bandages. Just

 stand right there on the T. You just got a boo-boo on

 your finger. You're going to hold it up, look real sad and

 cry. Okay? And, go! No, no. Don't smile, honey. We need you

 to cry. Let's try it again. Okay, thank you. Thank you very

 much. Wait, wait, wait, wait! You've got to give her another shot.

 Please. I love the look. But can I be honest with you,

 Mom? The side dish that came with my lunch has more talent.

 What are you saying? I'm saying she's not as good as coleslaw.

 Deal with it. Hey! That little girl is here for a reason.

 She's going to inspire people, and you are going to be part

 of that. All right. Well, hurry up. All right. Hey, I got

 you another chance. Can you cry for Mommy? Sure you can. When

 that nice casting man asks you to hold up a finger, just

 hold it up and cry. How easy is that? Hello? What? Oh,

 my God! Daddy fell and hurt himself! I don't think he's going

 to make it! And he... When he fell, he landed on your

 hamster cage and crushed Mr. McFuzz. He is dead. Mr. McFuzz is

 dead. Roll it. Gabby, I'm going to take Celia for an ice

 cream. Be back in a bit. Come on. Come on. The bus

 for camp leaves in 20 minutes. Well, what about my auditions? Mommy's

 going to kill us. Hey, you let me handle Mommy. You need

 a sleeping bag to get ice cream? Run! Leave it! Leave it!

 Leave it! What the hell are you doing? We talked about this.

 No summer camp. She's got auditions. Gabby, you have got her living

 in this weird little bubble, and she needs to be around kids

 her own age. She will be. I'm taking her to a casting

 call for Annie. Why can't you support her career? Celia, will you

 wait in the car, please? Thank you, sweetie. Because she stinks. That

 little girl is destined for greatness. That is why God saved her.

 God does not save people who stink. Yeah, well, maybe God saved

 her so that she could go to camp and make some friends

 and have a normal childhood. Who would believe in a God like

 that? - Gabby, she's miserable. - No, she's not. She wants this.

 - No, she does it to please you! - That is a

 horrible thing to say. I am not hurting her. In fact, making

 her shine is my life's work. All I want is for people

 to understand how special she is. - Celia, get in the house.

 - Celia, wait. Now, I'm sorry, but you have clearly lost your

 mind, and I'm not going to stand here and watch you ruin

 our daughter's childhood. If you don't like it, leave. Gabby, be careful

 what you say, because I am very close to going. See ya.

 Come on. Let's go get ready for your audition. You're going to

 be the best Annie ever. There you go, sweetie. All better. Ouch

 Away adhesive bandages, they heal with a mother's love. Mama, no. Look

 at that face. That's a star. You're not watching this again. Now,

 please, help me with the groceries. Did you get my wrinkle cream?

 You can't buy stuff like that with food stamps. I know. I

 just wish you loved me enough to steal it. Hello? Jerry, sweetie!

 Honey, it's your agent! Celia's dying to work. What have you got

 for us? Oh, come on. There's got to be something. No, no.

 She's not too old. She can pass for 15. Hell, I'm looking

 at her right now. Okay, we'll be there. Baby, we've got an

 audition! Now we've got to get that hair into pigtails. Mama, I

 think we need to talk. What did I do with those ACE

 bandages? We got to flatten you down. Listen to me. I don't

 want to be an actress. What? You can't quit. You're... I'm special,

 this is my destiny, it's why I was spared. You've spent the

 last 20 years telling me I'm meant for big things. And you

 are! No. I'm not special. I'm normal. And I just want to

 have a normal life. Get married, have kids. And there's going to

 be plenty of time for that. You always say that. Why can't

 you admit it's over? Because if we give up, then everything I've

 worked for is for nothing. Your father walked out, your sister never

 calls, this is all I have. What time's the audition? Tomorrow, 3:00.

 Now, let's do something about this hair. Oh, honey, this is the

 one, I feel it. And one day you're going to thank me.

 Dr. Whiteman, Oncology. Dr. James Whiteman to Oncology. I brought you a

 coffee. So, have you figured out what our 4-year-old is going to

 do with her life? No. But I did figure out what she

 has to do to be special. What's that? Absolutely nothing. How could

 this happen? I know I fell, but I felt fine afterwards. It

 doesn't take much to cause a tear to the placenta. But you

 said the one baby is fine. Yes. But if we don't operate

 on the other one, there could be a decrease in blood flow

 to the brain, which could put the child at risk developmentally. At

 risk how? Physically? Mentally? Right now, there's no way to know. How

 soon can we do the surgery? We're ready to go. Let's get

 her in. At that moment, Lynette began to think of the baby

 she had yet to meet. She thought of what it would be

 like to hold him. How it would feel to look into his

 eyes and to kiss his tiny hand. And then Lynette thought of

 what would happen if the doctor told her that same beautiful child

 was disabled. He especially hates the hamstring stretches. Well, and obviously it's

 hard to hear him cry. But you really need to tune it

 out, because without the therapy, his muscle tone will... You try. Maybe

 it's me. Sometimes, it helps to sing to them. I do that.

 He loves it when I do that. Why don't we take a

 break? Maybe we should take some time and talk about where we're

 at. Where we're at is we haven't seen any milestones since August.

 Not since he finally started grabbing his feet. - But that was

 a big one. - Definitely. But he should be sitting by now,

 right? Or pulling to stand or crawling. If you worry too much

 about what he should be able to do by now or what

 other kids his age are doing, it's going to drive you crazy.

 - Fine. - I know I keep saying this, but try to

 focus on the progress he's making. Like what? You're with him every

 day, you tell me. What do you see? Would you excuse us

 for a second? What is it? - I can't do this. -

 Can't do what? This, her, the therapy, and the injections, and the

 equipment. And no one can even tell us if any of it

 is helping. I think it is. But even if it isn't, this

 is what there is to do, - so we're doing it. -

 Well, I can't. No, you don't want to. Neither do I. Neither

 does he. Didn't you hear him crying in there? But we don't

 have a choice. So, come on. Jean's got to go home soon.

 I feel like I'm being punished and I don't even know what

 I did. You can't think that way. What else is there to

 think about? Hopes for the future? He might not even have one.

 He's 14 months. Don't write him off yet! But you should start

 thinking about the future. Because no matter what, it's coming. And it's

 either going to make you less afraid or more. And you will

 know that you either did everything that you can for your son,

 or you will be sorry. Yeah, there we go. It's okay. I

 can do this. Hi, honey. Can I have a sandwich? Sure, I

 just have to finish these dishes. But I'm hungry. Well, unless you

 want soap on rye, you're going to have to wait. Actually, why

 don't you make yourself a sandwich? But you always do it. And

 you always watch me, so I know you know how. I'm tired.

 And so am I. And I still have to vacuum and do

 the laundry. My arms hurt. I had to swim today. And you

 do that so you can get stronger so you can do things

 like make sandwiches. Speaking of which, in the time we've been arguing

 about this, you could have, guess what, made a sandwich. So could

 you. Jason's mom makes him whatever food he wants, even French toast.

 I would be happy to make Jason French toast, too. He always

 tells me how pretty I am. Not to mention, he's also in

 a wheelchair, so he can't reach the shelves in the fridge. But

 you can. Too bad you don't appreciate it. You're not... You're not

 really busy! You just don't want to help me! You know what?

 One day I won't be able to help you, because I won't

 be here. And then maybe you'll understand why I wanted you to

 learn to do stuff for yourself. Or you won't. But either way,

 I'm not making you a sandwich. That looks good. Can I have

 a bite? When I was born, my doctor told my parents I

 wouldn't make it through the night, then through the week, then it

 was that I was blind, that I'd need a wheelchair. I guess

 what I'm saying is I've really pissed my doctors off. At first,

 my mother was scared, scared of my disability, my limitations. I know

 this because she told me. Then she realized what she was really

 scared of was my potential, and that she'd miss something that would

 help me reach it. Gandhi said, \"Strength does not come from a

 physical capacity. \"It comes from an indomitable will.\" My mother's probably never

 heard that saying. But every day of my life, she showed me

 how true it is. Now I... I hope I can start showing

 her. Thank you. Thank you all, very much. How's our baby? Is

 he okay? Lynette, we lost the baby. But the other baby is

 fine. It's okay. We're going to be okay. I don't know how

 to say thank you for saving my child's life. And how sorry

 I am, for... We were going to name him Patrick. And he

 would've been amazing. The funeral for Karl Mayer was a dignified affair.

 Attended by friends and family and those who loved him. The priest

 spoke about the nature of tragedy, how it causes people to ask,

 \"What if?\" \"What if he hadn't died?\" \"What if I had chosen

 differently?\" \"What if I had made that mistake?\" And then the priest

 said the best way to honor those who had died, was to

 focus on what was, and to keep on living the best way

 we know how. And in time, that is exactly what my friends

