 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives: You put my kids in danger and lied. -

 Do you have a problem with alcohol? - Lynette asked a question...

 I'm the one who was sleeping with your son. But it's over

 now. No, you're wrong. It's not even close to being over. ...Gabrielle

 confessed... - Here's your mail. ...while Noah's search for Zach... I worry

 for that boy. What kind of people'd buy a baby from a

 junkie? ...played into Felicia's plot... See to it that Paul Young has

 a toy chest of his very own. ...for revenge. What made my

 husband, Paul Young, such a good investor was his uncanny ability to

 anticipate the future. Zach, how did you do this? He foresaw the

 necessity of the Velcro shoe. He predicted the advent of the three-dollar

 cup of coffee. He even anticipated the surprising boom in bottled water.

 Yeah, it's Paul Young. I've been reading about the election results in

 Brazil. It's time to buy sugar. But the crystal ball that served

 Paul so well in the stock market sometimes failed him closer to

 home. - Paul Young? - Yeah. Detective Sullivan. You need to come

 in for questioning. - About what? - We're investigating reports of credit

 card fraud and your name's been linked with several of the victims.

 There must be some mistake. Could be, but we still need to

 go downtown and straighten it out. All right. - How long is

 this gonna take? - Don't worry. It's just a mix-up. Let's go.

 What's going on? I thought you wanted to ask questions. - That's

 after you're booked. - Booked? Booked for what? You can't book him

 here, anyhow, detective. Computers are down, we're all full up. - You

 gotta take him to county. - What is going on? This is

 crazy. I want to call my lawyer! What the hell do you

 guys think you're doing? This is ridiculous. I get a phone call.

 Yes, in the world of investments, my husband had a remarkable ability

 to see the future. Got a message for you, Paul Young. Deirdre's

 father said to give you his regards. But sadly, Paul didn't see

 this one coming at all. Bree Van De Kamp had a weekly

 routine she'd been following for years. She cleaned on Tuesdays. She paid

 her bills on Wednesdays. She did her laundry on Thursdays. And after

 these daily chores were completed, she would reward herself with a little

 drink. What Bree didn't know was this latest addition to her routine

 had been noticed by her friends. And it had now become part

 of their routine to discuss it. So apparently Bree had a few

 too many and passed out. Next thing I know, I get a

 call at work. - Someone found my kids on the street. -

 Oh, my God. - Have you seen Bree since? - No. I'm

 worried about her, but I don't know how I'm gonna get over

 what she did. Hey, Bree. How're you doing today? I'm really well.

 I just saw you all talking before Lynette went off to work.

 What were you all talking about? Oh, nothing really. Carlos and I

 see the adoption counsellor today. Checking myself into the hospital. I'm gonna

 get that surgery. Good for you. Did Lynette mention the little tiff

 we had? - Just in passing. - She barely mentioned it. Because

 what happened was I accidentally mixed my antihistamine medication with a little

 glass of wine I was having, and I fell asleep, you know,

 while I was watching her kids. I mean, I like a little

 wine with dinner. I mean, now and then. Who doesn't? But, I

 mean, you know, to trash my entire reputation... Oh, she didn't trash

 you, honest. Well, good. I mean, I just... I wouldn't want you

 to get the wrong impression. I'm going to the mall, they're having

 a white sale today. I think I'm gonna get a new bathmat.

 Oh, does anyone need one? - I'm good. - OK. Take care.

 Wow, did you smell the alcohol on her breath? I sure did.

 Then our Eskimo turns into camera and says, \"Polar Fresh Mints will

 give your breath an A-plus too.\" So, what do you think? It

 feels a little familiar. Really? I don't think so. The Lowell Group

 used Eskimos in a commercial last month. Remember? This is different. Those

 were Eskimos competing in the Iditarod. Ours is trying to patch things

 up with his wife. Yeah, no, I get the subtle distinction. I

 think we can do better. OK? So, Sally, you're up. What do

 you got for me? - Hey. - Hey. \"I got the subtle

 distinction\"? What was that about? If you really want to do this

 now, shut the door. OK, I was a little bitchy. But you

 know why? You did a half-assed job in there. You may not

 like it, but you can't say I didn't work. Oh, please, I

 live with you. Last night, when you should've been making that work,

 - you were watching the game. - I wasn't! - I saw

 you! - OK, now I can't check the score? You gave your

 heart and soul to that Eskimo pitch? - I worked really hard

 on that pitch. - Did you give it a hundred per cent?

 Well, exactly. So, big deal. Go work up some new ideas and

 then we'll go over it during lunch. OK? You're the boss. Yes,

 I am. - Hey. - Susan. Good to see you again. I'm

 really looking forward to your surgery. I'm really hoping you're a leftie.

 Nope. I can't even write my name. But that's what I get

 for throwing my kid a roller-skating party. Funny. So, what about my

 surgery? Oh, I'll still do it. With Dr Ron's help, of course.

 Dr Cunningham'll be standing beside me. My hands and his brain, you

 got the best of us. Then I'm on board. We're keeping you

 under observation, so hopefully we'll operate tomorrow. If you don't mind, I'd

 like a minute to consult with my patient. Oh, right, your little

 thing. What little thing? Well, it was going to be a surprise,

 but... Oh, my God. They're beautiful. Look, I've been thinking about us

 a lot lately. Putting this operation behind us and where we'll go

 from there. Our future... together. I suck at putting my emotions into

 words, which is why I wrote it all down. There's a card.

 But you can't read it. Not while I'm here, anyway. It's way

 too stressful. I'm going to go now. Wow. Wow. He's so romantic.

 May I? Oh, it's sort of private. Well, I did help him

 pick out the flowers. OK. There's more on the back. So how

 does this work? Do we flip through a catalogue? I wish it

 was that easy. You have to understand, for every baby, there are

 ten couples who want it. You don't choose your child, the birth

 mother chooses you. Really? So, what do you think our chances are?

 We will do anything that we need to do. Your typical birth

 mother is usually a young girl. She'll make sure you're quality people.

 To show her that, you'll be putting together a parent portfolio. -

 What's that? - Family pictures, character references, that stuff. So we're auditioning

 to be parents? I guess you could say that. So, just to

 be clear, some slutty cheerleader gets knocked up by the soccer coach

 behind the local Gas 'N Gulp and she is going to make

 sure we're quality people? You don't need to answer that. You don't

 have to hide it from me. Your drinking, it doesn't bother me.

 I wasn't hiding anything. I was simply enjoying the day. - What

 did you want? - Well, Mason was my ride to school. And

 his dad's moving them to Tucson, so... Well, if you need a

 ride to school, I'm happy to drive you. No, that's not what

 I want. I want a car. Well, then I suggest you get

 a job. Why should I go work in some fast-food place when

 I can already afford what I want? We're not touching your trust

 fund. - It's my money. - Not until you're 21. If I

 had my way, you wouldn't get it until you're 50. I mean,

 we both know you're gonna waste every penny of it. Why are

 you being like this? Because, sweetheart, it is my job to teach

 you about responsibility. Setting goals. Delayed gratification. What do you know about

 delayed gratification? It's not even noon and you're on your third glass

 of wine. On second thought, I won't be driving you to school.

 - The walk will do you good. - Mom, I'm not kidding

 around. - I want my money! - The answer is no! Well,

 aren't we a mean, old drunk. Whatever that was supposed to teach

 me, consider the lesson learned. What are you doing here? I'm enjoying

 the silky, smooth moves of Dr Ron. - Or should I say,

 Dr Love? - Give me that. This is my favourite. \"I can't

 wait to be in the operating room with you so I can

 touch your heart, because you've already touched mine so deeply.\" That sounds

 better when you don't read it out loud. What are you doing

 reading it? Those are Dr Ron's private thoughts. Yeah, I got that.

 You know, I sense that he really likes you, Susie. - So?

 - So, do you really like him? Of course I do. He's

 smart and funny and kind. Smart, funny, kind. I don't hear the

 word \"love\" in there. Well, that's a big word. We just started

 dating. And we have a connection and I'm gonna follow it through

 - and see where it goes. - Oh, I get it. You'll

 string him along till you feel something you don't, and waste the

 next five years of your life. As opposed to the 12 I

 wasted on you? Why are we talking about this? I don't recall

 asking you your opinion. Because we're married and I have certain rights,

 and one of them is the right to badger you. - OK,

 you know, you can leave now. - I wish I could MRI

 your soul. Out! Not funny. Watch out for my wife. She's on

 a tear. Oh, here's one we took on vacation. These pictures have

 to be wholesome. They gotta say, \"These people will do a great

 job raising a child.\" - So? - So you're topless. Yeah, but

 it's St. Barts. And your hands are covering my naughty parts. The

 hand that's holding the tequila shot, or the one that's holding the

 Cuban cigar? - Yeah, that was a good trip. - Gabby! -

 Fine, we won't use it. - We can't use any of them!

 Every single picture of the two of us, we're drinking or smoking

 or naked. We like to have fun. Who doesn't understand better than

 an unwed, knocked-up teenager? This is serious. If we can't sell ourselves

 as good people... Well, then we'll just have to find someone who

 can do it for us. So you want me to pitch you

 as parents? You're in advertising, you can do it. Just write us

 a character reference saying we're great with kids. And this is for

 you. You don't have to bribe me, we're all friends here. Keeping

 that in mind, would it also be OK if we were your

 kids' godparents? - I guess. - Great, and can we take some

 fake pictures to document it? I don't suppose you brought a corkscrew?

 He didn't have a warrant, and you arrest him, then you gotta

 tell me... - Hello, Mike. - Felicia, what are you doing here?

 Oh, I left in such a rush. There was a lot of

 old business I forget to wrap up. It must be pretty important

 business, gets you to move next to the man you think murdered

 your sister. It's funny you should mention Paul. You know, the police

 came and took him away last night. The police? And from the

 way they were manhandling him, I don't think he'll be back anytime

 soon. I just want to talk to him, that's all. - What

 the hell's going on? - It's none of your concern, Mike. Listen

 to me. If anything happens to Paul Young... It already happened. Hours

 ago. He's dead? Like I said, it's none of your concern. Maybe

 you do don't get it, Noah. You screwed up. You killed the

 most important person in your grandson's life. Do you think he'll have

 anything to do with you once he finds out? And believe me,

 I'll make sure he finds out. So, honey, the meat loaf, it's

 a little burnt. Oh, right. I was talking to Susan on the

 phone and I left it in longer than I should have. Sorry.

 That's OK. - Is it that bad? - No. No, not bad

 at all. Good. Parker, don't put your elbows on the table. Go

 on. You'd agree it wasn't your best effort. The meal. The task

 you agreed to take on. You'd agree that you didn't give it

 a hundred per cent, right? Tom, if you're gonna make a point,

 do it now, before I hurl the plate at you. Nobody gives

 a hundred per cent all the time, because it is impossible. You

 do the best with the time and energy that you have. Stop

 right there. This is meat loaf. Your presentation was business. You're saying

 the client deserves more effort than your own family? OK. So if

 I apologise for upsetting you at work, can we get past it

 and enjoy our meal? Absolutely. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I am

 sorry. - Thanks. So, boys, how do you enjoy the meat loaf?

 - It's a little salty. - Yeah. Just eat it. There. Perfect.

 All right. All right, one more time. - What? - Yeah. -

 I don't want to mess up your face. - Do you love

 me? Then do what I tell you. - Rough day. - Yeah.

 I wonder if there's any way that we can turn it around

 still. Good question. - But what to do? What to do? -

 Yeah. Hi. What's up? - Why do you keep trying to do

 that? - What? - You're trying to get on top. - Of

 you? No, I'm not. You were pushing on me, like you were

 trying to sack me. You serious? Tom, I wasn't doing anything, I

 was just going for it. I was just lost in the moment.

 Oh, come on. Come on. This is silly. I don't want to

 argue. I mean, unless it turns you on. Does it? Because then

 I'm all about it, baby. Come here. What was that? What? -

 What was what? - You were bracing. You were bracing with your

 leg. I was trying to lie on top, you were bracing against

 the mattress so you didn't have to get on your back. Try

 and deny it. Try and deny it. You can't. OK. Can I

 mention you're talking like a crazy person? You can't give it up

 for a second. You always have to call the shots. Always! Is

 this about me being your boss again? You gotta get over it.

 That's exactly my point. Exactly. You are not just my boss at

 the office. You're my boss everywhere. Oh, that's ridiculous. You run the

 show! You run the show, and I'm along for the ride. I

 just push the little shopping cart, let the woman do all the

 driving. - Tom... - I'm the caddy husband. I carry your clubs.

 I am so sorry you feel that way, but you cannot put

 that on me. This is your life. You wanna run it, then

 step on up. You want to drive, grab the steering wheel. I

 mean, what else am I supposed to say? I'm gonna check on

 the kids. - Time to check your blood pressure. - Oh, sure.

 That's tight. Does it have to be that tight? Yes. OK. That's

 actually starting to be painful. Really? That surprises me. I just assumed

 you were dead inside. What the hell are you doing? I told

 myself to stay out of this, but I can't. - I know

 that you're married. - I am not. Really? Because that man who

 came to see you yesterday said you're his wife. Oh, no, no.

 He just said that because we used to be married. - Force

 of habit. - That explains everything. I checked your insurance forms and

 you're married. So that makes you a lying, adulterous skank. No, no,

 no, Nurse Hisel! No, Nurse... Nurse Hisel! Nurse... Oh, God. Come on.

 Nurse... - Nurse Hisel, I can explain. - Can you, skank? Yes!

 OK, I am married. But it's only because my insurance ran out.

 My ex-husband has a really good coverage plan, so he said that

 he would remarry me so I could get my operation. I didn't

 tell Dr Ron because I didn't want him to be an accomplice

 to fraud. So, you're, what, protecting him? Yeah. Yes, I am. OK.

 As long as you're not two-timing him. - He feels so strongly

 about you. - I know, I read the card. - But did

 you read between the lines? - What do you mean? OK. I

 shouldn't be telling you this, but when we were picking out the

 flowers for you, he said that he was working up the courage

 to say he loves you. - Really? - Yes. - But you

 have to act surprised, OK? - Oh, yeah, I'll be surprised. So

 I guess we have the whole insurance thing worked out? Oh, don't

 worry about that! Please. Who am I to cast stones? I mean,

 heck, I didn't pass my nurse's exam. They didn't even ask me!

 Andrew, did I hear the bell? - Oh, hello. - I'm Samuel

 Bormanis. - I'm here to see Andrew. - Oh, OK. - Are

 you a friend of Andrew's? - I'm his lawyer. His lawyer? Why

 on earth would Andrew need a lawyer? Here you go, Sam. Honey,

 what happened to... to your face? You hit me. Don't you remember?

 For the record, I did not punch my son. I slapped him.

 With an open palm. Yeah, but Mom, the thing is, when you

 drink, - you don't know your own strength. - This is ridiculous!

 Can you see this is a performance? Mrs Van De Kamp, I've

 heard enough. This environment is a highly dysfunctional one. Andrew has retained

 my services in order to pursue a healthier living situation. - And

 what might that be? - I... I want to be emancipated. Emancipated?

 As an emancipated minor, Andrew would live on his own. He'd still

 go to school, but he'd be released from all adult supervision. Well,

 that's the silliest thing I've ever heard of. How would he support

 himself? Well, he'd be in complete control of his own finances. So

 that's what this is about? Your trust fund? Obviously, we'd all prefer

 not to go to family court. But with the violence and your

 DUI charge, it could get ugly. I'll need a little time to

 think about this. You have 24 hours. Boy, it really looks like

 we're having a good time. I sure hope this works. As long

 as they don't make me play guitar, we're home free. Mr and

 Mrs Solis, Rhoda can see you now. OK, thank you. Wow. It

 looks like you spend lots of time with these kids. We take

 our roles as godparents very seriously. Don't we, honey? Yes. They're precious.

 What are their names? Parker and... Porter... ...and... Well, they're all P's.

 It is super-cute. One sec. Do you need me, Helen? Hello, Gabrielle.

 Carlos. I didn't know you were adopting. Preston. The other one's name

 is Preston. Helen, you work here? You all know each other? What

 a small world. It sure is. Mrs Solis hired my son to

 do her yard work. And also, she would rape him. OK, first

 of all, it was statutory. And it happened so long ago. Was

 it? I think it was only about a year ago. No, it

 was a year because it was right before your husband went to

 prison on slave labour charges. Rhoda, if you don't mind, I think

 I'll handle the Solis case myself. - I'd like to make it

 my top priority. - OK. Oh, and don't bother trying to contact

 any other adoption agencies in the area. I'll make sure they know

 all about you. I think I have to break up with Dr

 Ron. What? Why? Because he's a gem. And, apparently, he loves me.

 I'm sorry, I'm not following. Lynette, he's everything I could possibly want

 in a boyfriend, and I just don't know if I feel that...

 spark. - You know, and I really want to. - Sweetie... He

 keeps telling me how special I am and how much I mean

 to him and how he wants to hold my beating heart in

 his hand. Maybe it's because I just haven't felt that thunderbolt yet.

 You know, with Mike, it hit me. With Karl, it hit me.

 I didn't have to worry about how I felt because the thunderbolt

 told me. Yeah, yeah, gotta love the thunderbolt. Do I, though? I

 mean, I do, but I don't trust it anymore. Those relationships turned

 out to be disasters. Maybe I should stick it out with Dr

 Ron, and I should try heading down a road that's growing and

 slower, into a sort of, kind of love that would sustain itself

 for 50 years. Right? Stability, comfort, endurance, I deserve that. Oh, yes,

 of course you do. - Still, you gotta love the thunderbolt. -

 That's not helpful. Sorry. - This is a sign. - Will you

 shut up? We lost a baby, found out we can't conceive and

 ran into Helen Rowland at an adoption agency. God is trying to

 tell us something. Carlos, we're Catholics. God is pretty Johnny One Note

 on the whole subject of procreation. Will you stop with this defeatist

 attitude? - OK, do you want a baby or not? - I

 think it's time we face reality. We're bad people who probably don't

 deserve to be parents. Well, then who the hell does? I mean,

 look at all the idiots popping out kids. OK, they're not any

 more qualified than we are. - I don't know. - Look, Carlos,

 it doesn't matter what we've done. Being a parent means rising to

 the occasion. That's exactly what we're gonna do when we bring our

 baby home. This is the first time I've really felt like you

 wanted to have a baby. Well, this is the first time someone

 told me I couldn't have one. OK, so, what are we gonna

 do? No adoption agency's gonna touch us now. There are ways to

 get babies. It just might cost us. I have some contacts in

 the police department. I've been making calls, but I can't to get

 an answer. - How do they just lose somebody? - They don't,

 not by accident. I don't think what happened was an accident. What

 is that supposed mean? Zach! - Mrs Tillman. - Hello, Zachary. You

 look terrible. Oh, Mr Delfino. Isn't this just a picture? Felicia, why

 are you here? Young Zachary and I didn't exactly part on the

 best of terms. In fact, when the weather's damp, I'm still reminded

 of our last goodbye. But forgive and forget. That's my motto. Macaroon?

 Dad! You're all right? Now, how'd you know I love macaroons? It

 won't end here, you know. Noah Taylor doesn't give up. Don't worry.

 We'll be gone by morning. No, it's too late for that now.

 He's got people watching you. What is it with you? You wanted

 me to run, now you want us to stick around like sitting

 ducks. Go ahead. Run. Noah's got the cops in his pocket. What

 do you think will happen when you buy gas with a credit

 card, or open a new bank account? So I'm a dead man?

 Maybe not. - Not if we use what leverage we have. -

 No way. The old man's gonna be dead in a couple of

 months, maybe less. Let him meet Zach, play the doting grandfather... -

 I said forget it. - I'll do it. If it means he'll

 leave us alone, I'm ready to be leveraged. Nicholson will be in

 in 15 minutes for the pitch, so let's grab everybody and make

 sure we're all on the same page. Hang on a second. What's

 going on? - I need to say this. - Oh, yeah. Look,

 I've been giving you a lot of grief lately about being the

 boss, but it's just hard for a guy to feel like he's

 not in charge - of any part of his life. - But

 honey, it goes back and forth. I know. But it just feels

 a little one-sided lately, and sometimes I need to drive the train.

 But, look, I know it is my issue. It's my issue. And

 I will step up and deal with it. Hello. What's going on?

 We're picking up where we left off... last night. Oh, I get

 it. I get it. This is your idea of driving the train.

 And it's very manly and really impressive, but it's really, really bad

 timing. You can't be serious. - We're gonna... We're gonna be late.

 - Yeah. We are going to be late. OK. Nothing's more important

 than family. I think it's unfair some are denied their God-given right

 to parent just because of a few sordid incidents in their past.

 Now, I may have to explore some unconventional paths to find your

 child. I might even have to take actions some might view as

 unsavoury. But before I do, I need proof that the two of

 you are prepared to face the challenges ahead. Twenty thousand dollars. Is

 that proof enough for you? Yes, it is. It's nice to meet

 you, young man. I'm not gonna hug you. I don't care if

 you are my grandfather. That's OK. Hugging's not really my thing. Mike,

 could you wait outside? I'd like to be alone with Zachary. Not

 a chance. Just curious, - why was it so important you see

 me? - You're my grandson. My flesh and blood. Isn't it only

 natural I'd want a relationship with you? What kind of relationship can

 we have when I know you tried to kill my dad? Surely,

 you can understand the rage I must feel towards your father. Go

 ahead, feel all the rage you want to feel. If anything happens

 to him, I swear to God, you are never gonna see me

 again. You only met me two minutes ago, and here you are,

 already blackmailing me. - I couldn't be prouder. - I'm serious. Swear

 you're not gonna do anything to my dad. Which dad? You have

 two of them. You know who I'm talking about. My dad. The

 man who raised me. The only man I'm ever gonna care about.

 So swear. I swear. Well, now that the ground rules have been

 set, who's up for some meaningless small talk? Well, if it isn't

 the plumber. You here to see Susie? Yeah. I just wanted to

 talk to her before her operation. You're cutting it kind of close.

 She's about to be wheeled into surgery. - You know she's dating

 her surgeon. - Yeah, she told me. - You met him? -

 Yeah. He's, like, six years old. Those for her? Yeah. The florist

 was having a sale on lilacs. Dr Ron just bought her the

 biggest bouquet of roses you've ever seen. It was disgusting. The note

 that went with it made my teeth hurt, it was so saccharin.

 He used words like \"soul mate\" and \"eternity.\" - I almost puked

 in the vase. - What did Susan think about that? She seemed

 to be really into it. Mike. Oh, wait, stop. Go back. Stop,

 stop for a second. Hey! What are you doing here? I just

 wanted to wish you luck before your surgery. Oh, that's so sweet.

 You came all the way down here just for me? Yep. That's

 why I came. It means a lot to me that you came.

 - Well, you take care, Susan. - OK. Bye. - You forgot

 to give her your flowers. - Yeah, it's no big deal. Hi,

 Susan. Are those drugs working? You feeling good? Super-duper. How you feeling?

 Well, I want you to know, what I said the other day,

 that corny stuff about me holding your heart in my hands... Well,

 what I meant to say was, my feelings for you, they keep

 growing. And I think... Well, I hope that you feel the same

 way about me. Hell, Susan. I love you. Thank you. I love

 Mike. Mike? Susan, who's Mike? Mike is love. Who the hell is

 Mike? I don't know, but she's married to Karl! I'm so, so

 sorry. I should have told you, Dr Ron. Mike, Mike, Mike... Why

 are you always falling in love with skanks? You beautiful, beautiful man!

 OK, we ready to go here? Yeah. Sure. Let's cut this bitch

 open. What are you doing? Your lawyer left a message on my

 machine. It seems we have a hearing in four weeks, and I

 want to be ready. Oh, I get it. So, you're gonna pretend

 to be sober for the judge. Oh, there's no pretending. I am

 going to my first AA meeting tomorrow. I picked one in the

 worst part of town so I won't run into anybody I know,

 which, of course, means I will. All right, so, what is that

 gonna prove? Perception is reality. If people perceive me to have a

 drinking problem, then I do. And I certainly don't want some idiotic

 judge using my hobby as an excuse to make you rich. So

 I'm simply going to give up my wine and become a recovering

 alcoholic. Good plan. But it'll never work. See, I'll bet you still

 end up coming to court hammered. Oh, Andrew. You don't think I

 love you enough to give up alcohol? Look, I'm 17, all right?

 So you can only keep me here for another year. Why not

 just let me go? Because I'm not done with you yet. It's

 my job to teach you, and you are not half the man

 I know you can be. Well, I got news for you. This

 is as good as I get. If I really thought that, I'd

 get a gun right now and kill us both. Mom, we're both

 so unhappy. Why not just let me take my trust fund and

 I'll get out of your hair forever. Please. You're a stone cold

 bitch, you know that? I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch that. I

 hate you. You know, the opposite of love isn't hate. It's indifference.

 And if you hate me, that means you still care. And we're

 still connected. And I still have a chance to set you right.

 This is how Bree Van De Kamp finally came to change her

 weekly routine. She still cleaned on Tuesdays, paid her bills on Wednesdays

 and did her laundry on Thursdays. But her Fridays were now reserved

 for a meeting. A special meeting where she stood in front of

 people she didn't know. My name is Bree. And I am an

 alcoholic. And said things she didn't believe. And afterwards, Bree would come

