 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives. We're getting married. One proposal lead to another. We're

 with lmmigration. But the law got in the way. - Ma'am, I

 need you to step back. - Can't this wait? We're about to

 get married. Not today, you're not. A break-in was staged... Orson, we've

 been robbed. In an attempt to hide assets in a divorce. After

 the crash... And the truth about the accident came out. Mike told

 them that he was driving, but it wasn't true. The thing you

 have to understand about Dave Williams is he wanted to be forgiven.

 That's why he made the videotape. I didn't want to kill MJ

 Delfino. I had to. Susan Mayer killed my wife and daughter. The

 police called it an accident, but I don't believe a person who

 takes two precious lives should be allowed to just walk away. I

 know some people will wonder, why didn't I just kill Susan? Well,

 what good would that have done? She'd be dead. There'd be no

 suffering. And to those who hate me because I took the life

 of an innocent young boy, I say... Crap. Yes, Dave Williams wanted

 everyone to forgive him... Look, I got a new tackle box for

 our trip on Saturday. But not until he finished doing the unforgivable.

 After the White Horse nightclub was destroyed by a suspicious fire, one

 body was left unclaimed. The detectives on this case referred to him

 as John Doe A-37. For months, they tried to identity him. Then

 one day, they got a call from an impound lot. It seems

 a car had been towed from the club parking lot the night

 of the fire, a sedan that had been rented to a Dr.

 Samuel Heller from Boston, who had been reported missing four months earlier.

 The doctor's dental records confirmed their theory. His receptionist, however, did not.

 No way. Dr. Heller did not die in that fire. Ma'am, we've

 got his dental records. I don't care. You said the fire was

 four months ago? Well, I've gotten texts from him since then. -

 You have? - Yeah. The last one was just a few weeks

 ago. Hmm. Maybe we should send a text back. Ma'am, do you

 have your phone with you? Hey, Dave. I was gonna call you.

 - You were? - Yeah. Did you say something to MJ about

 going on that fishing trip? Yeah, I did. I know how depressed

 you've been since Jackson was deported, so I thought now was a

 perfect time for the three of us to go up to the

 lake. And, I got MJ his own little life vest. I wish

 I could, but I can't. I'm worried about Jackson. All the more

 reason. You know what they say about fishing, it's nature's tranquilizer. Dave,

 I haven't heard from Jackson since he was taken away, and I

 just want to be here in case he calls. Yeah. Well, that's

 okay. Just bring your cell phone. I just feel more comfortable if

 I'm close by. Oh, that's crazy. I mean, Jackson wouldn't want you

 sitting around here worrying about him. I'm sorry. We'll go fishing another

 time. Don't you think you're being a little selfish here? I mean,

 what about MJ? You wanna go fishing, don't you, buddy? - Yeah!

 - Yeah. What are you doing? I just told you I can't

 go. I'm just thinking about MJ. He'll be fine. You know what?

 You're right. I'm sorry. It's just a trip. You're not listening! Six

 months in Europe would be educational. You know what would be more

 educational? You going to college, like we talked about. Mom, I've already

 been in school for 12 years already. I... I need a vacation.

 Well, it seems like, based on your last few report cards, you've

 already been on vacation. I'm gonna be 18. If I want to

 go to Europe, I'll go to Europe. Well, good luck paying for

 it, because if you so much as apply for a passport, we're

 cutting you off. Cut off from the mighty Scavo family fortune? Oh,

 no! Tom, why didn't you help me out there? Because I agree

 with him. - What? - Well, he's young. He should be having

 fun. I mean, look at me. I'm a middle-aged man reading the

 want ads for jobs I'll never get. I should have gone to

 Europe when I had the chance. Hey, focus. Our son is throwing

 his life away. We have got to keep him on track. What

 is so great about the track? I was on it. I did

 everything I was supposed to. It chewed me up and spit me

 out. I know you're discouraged, but letting our son make a huge

 mistake is not going to help anything. Even if it is a

 huge mistake, you gotta let people make some decisions about their own

 life. Your way is not the only way. I am just trying

 to help Preston avoid the way marked \"Unemployable Loser.\" Fine. What do

 you want me to do? I want you to get this stupid

 Europe idea out of his head. Take him on a tour of

 the campus. Get him excited. - Show him college could be fun.

 - Sure. And on the way home, I'll show my college diploma

 to the guy at the Burger Barn. Yeah. They're hiring a new

 fry cook for the night shift. If you're really stopping by there,

 bring home some onion rings. Mommy, what are you doing? We're going

 to a family reunion at Aunt Connie's on Saturday, and I want

 to look my best. Is it going to be fun? Well, if

 your idea of a good time is sitting on rusty lawn chairs

 in the driveway, eating lard in the shape of chicken, then, yeah,

 it's going to be a blast. - The driveway? - Honey, you're

 six now. So, I think it's time we had a little mother-daughter

 talk. Your father's side of the family's trash. Any questions? If you

 don't like her, why are you putting on your best jewelry? 'Cause

 that's what grown-ups do, sweetie. When we don't like someone, we don't

 punch them or say mean things, we just find subtle ways to

 make them feel bad about their lives. Like these earrings. Aunt Connie

 can't afford them, and that'll make her sad. And this will bring

 her to her knees. And this will be a kick in her

 throat. If you hate them so much, maybe we shouldn't go. Oh,

 no, sweetie, we have to go. They're family. See, this is why

 I wanted to check on my things. You don't leave a valuable

 painting on the damp floor. You need to put something underneath it.

 Fine. How about this ugly doormat? That is not a doormat. That

 is a hand-woven Kurdish Kazakh rug. You know, Bree, when I hang

 out with you, I realize how little I know and how much

 I don't give a crap. Give me that. I'm so glad this

 divorce is almost over. An obnoxious, unpleasant man will be out of

 my life. And so will Orson. Hey, it's not over yet. You've

 still got a couple of hurdles. Has Orson brought up the insurance

 claim again? No. He thinks I filed it. Great. When he realizes

 you never did, you'll be divorced, he'll be broke, and it won't

 matter. Yes. And I'll be single again. I can concentrate on my

 business, maybe do some traveling. Maybe spend a little time at the

 intersection of right leg and left leg, if you know what I'm

 saying. Sadly, Karl, I always know what you're saying. You know, if

 you want, I could set you up. I know a lot of

 great guys who are good for a free dinner. And a few

 laughs, huh? For God sakes, Karl, I'm not even divorced yet. And

 once I am, I don't think you'd be my first choice as

 a matchmaker. Oh, shoot. - Hello? - Hey! - Susan. It's me.

 - Jackson! I have been so worried. - Where are you? -

 Fairview Jail. They're processing my deportation papers. So they're sending you back?

 When? A couple of days. I just wanted to call and say

 thank you, and tell you that I'll miss you. Well, I'll miss

 you, too. You came in my life when I was going through

 a really hard time, and you were amazing. I mean, you are

 amazing. You, too. So, did the lmmigration people tell you how they

 found out about you? Anonymous tip. Although, it's pretty obvious who \"anonymous\"

 is. Does Mike really think I'm that stupid? Mike? You think Mike

 did this? Who else? Mike and Katherine were the only people who

 knew. And Katherine was doing cartwheels about us getting married, so I...

 Yeah, but... No. This doesn't make any sense, because Mike knew that

 it wasn't for real. Well, real or not, he had the look

 of a guy who's not ready to give you up. Time's up.

 I got to go. I'll try and call you again before I

 leave. Hey! - Hey! Hey. How was the campus tour? - Fantastic.

 Oh, my God. That school is amazing. The professors were so engaged,

 and the kids were open and friendly... - Really? - Yeah. It

 was inspiring. You were so right to send us. Good. Good. I

 knew if you saw the campus you'd have a change of heart.

 Me? No, I'm still going to Europe. What was that? I thought

 you said the tour was fantastic. Okay, so, Preston still needs a

 little convincing. But I don't. I'm going back to school. What's that

 now? Okay. I know it's a little out of left field, but

 walking across the quad, I felt so alive. I spoke with someone

 in Admissions, and all I have to do is pass an entrance

 exam. So... You would be a college student. Again. Mmm-hmm. Twenty-five years

 after the first time. But this time, focused. This time knowing exactly

 what I want to major in. - Which is? - Chinese. Chinese?

 Chinese? As in Moo Goo Gai Pan, Chinese? What's he going to

 do with that? Watch Bruce Lee movies without the subtitles? We didn't

 get that far. I felt faint and he left to go buy

 a backpack. Lynette, that's bad. Well, it's just so random. And the

 worst part is, if I point that out, I'm a bitch. Why

 is that? When did being practical and realistic become synonymous with bitchiness?

 The first time a man did something stupid and a woman pointed

 it out. I know Tom. He's going to learn how to count

 to 10 in Chinese, then he'll get bored and move on to

 his new dream of becoming a beekeeper. Well, then you have no

 choice. Bite the bullet and bitch. No, she has a choice. It's

 entirely possible to get what you want without being perceived of as

 a nagging shrew. Please, sensei, instruct me in your ancient ways. Well,

 the key is to not let them know what you're doing. This

 requires observation, cunning, and manipulation. Isn't it just easier to shut down

 your hoo-ha until he gives in? I think that Bree is right,

 that the more Tom sees you digging in your heels, the more

 he's going to want to do it. So, you wait for an

 opportunity that you can use to your advantage, while at the same

 time appearing supportive. That's your advice? Hope an opportunity just drops in

 my lap? Might as well start shopping for beekeeper suits. Oh, you

 guys, I'm sorry. I've got to run. Hey. I need to talk

 to Mike. Oh, he's in the shower, but I'll tell him you

 stopped by. No need. I'll wait. Orson, I'm home. Have a seat.

 So, there never was a robbery. You took these things hoping to

 hide them from me. And though I've tried to come up with

 a reason, I can't. So I'm forced to ask the question, \"Why?

 Why would you do such a thing?\" I want a divorce. I'm

 sorry. I don't understand. My lawyer says you're entitled to half of

 everything we've acquired during the marriage, so I was trying to hide

 some of those things, since, let's face it, I paid for them.

 - You've already hired a lawyer? - Yes. But I'm tired of

 all the lying and the sneaking around, so I will inform him

 that you can have whatever you like. I don't want a divorce.

 Well, that part's not negotiable. - Can't we at least talk about

 this? - There's no point. So, you should get a piece of

 paper and start to make a list of what it is you

 wish to take with you. So, you don't want any of it?

 No. All I want is out. You know, he might be a

 while. - Sure I can't help you? - No. I need to

 talk to Mike. Now, you could flush a toilet and try to

 get him out of there. You seem upset. Has something happened? Did

 Mike turn Jackson in to lmmigration? - No! Why would he do

 that? - I don't know. Jealousy? Jackson thinks Mike is still hung

 up on me. Trust me, Susan. Mike did not turn Jackson in.

 Shower's off. I guess we'll know in a few seconds. Listen! Mike

 couldn't have called lmmigration because I never told him that Jackson was

 marrying you for a green card. Well, somebody did, because he sent

 me a text agreeing to keep paying me alimony. That was me.

 I sent it. Are you insane? Why would you do something... Mike

 has asked me to marry him. - What? - And I was

 afraid that if he found out that you weren't really in love

 with Jackson, that he might change his mind about me. Okay, Katherine,

 that is... It's totally unfair to Mike. I mean, he needs to

 know the truth. I can make him happy, Susan. He just needs

 to get over you. Katherine? Please don't ruin this. Hey, you want

 to just order in... Oh, hey, Susan. Um... I'm glad you're here.

 I have something I want to tell you. Yeah, I... Katherine already

 told me about your big news. Oh! Okay. Well, I hope we

 have your blessing. Yes. Sure. Why not? I'm sorry, Susan. I was

 going to tell you myself. Well, don't be mad at Katherine. We

 all know that she just can't keep a secret. Wow, this place

 is looking worse than ever. Yeah, Connie's salons haven't been doing so

 well. Maybe you should take off some of those diamonds. You walk

 in there like that, you're gonna - make her feel bad about

 herself. - Say no more. You know, Aunt Connie's like a second

 mother to me. Why do you hate her so much? Because all

 she ever does is put me down. If you'd pay attention, you'd

 see what I'm talking about. There's my Carlos! - Hi, tia. -

 Hi! Are these the girls? No, they're so grown-up. And Gabby. Is

 it just me, or do you get more beautiful every time I

 see you? No. It's not just you. Come here, give me a

 hug! - Let me see your palms. - Gabby. Fine. Okay. Now,

 come on in. The whole family's here. And I've made some of

 my world-famous tamales. Aunt Connie seems nice. Maybe she's changed. Trash don't

 change, sweetheart. She's up to something. Now come on. Let's go grab

 a lawn chair before we get stuck on the grass with the

 fire ants. Tom Scavo, this is Mr. Cummings. We met during your

 tour of the campus. Forgive me, but I gave you the wrong

 date for the admissions test. It's tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. So, get

 a good night's sleep and we'll see you first thing in the

 morning. Help, help, help, help... - I'm coming, I'm coming. - Get

 those there. So, I was thinking this whole going back to school

 thing deserves a little celebration. Really? I didn't think you were on

 board. I want to be supportive. Let's go for a nice dinner,

 get a bottle of wine. Maybe two, since we don't have to

 wake up early tomorrow. Or, we can go to that Mexican place

 that has those great margaritas. Oh, Tom. You and tequila? What a

 great idea. Okay, everybody, I need you to gather around. Aunt Connie

 has something to say. Gabby, come on. My tia's waiting. Well, let

 her wait. I need something to drink. I'm trying to keep down

 one of her \"world-famous tamales.\" Thank you all so much for coming

 today. It's been so long since we've been together. - We love

 you, Aunt Connie. - Oh, and I love all of you. There's

 nothing more important than family. And now, I have an announcement to

 make. As many of you know, I've battled a weak heart for

 most of my life, and the doctor now tells me that I

 may only have a few months left. Sorry. Bad heart. Floor's all

 yours. As some of you know, I've been taking care of my

 granddaughter, my beautiful Ana. Because of my condition, I can't do it

 anymore, and I need someone to take her in. I realize that

 this is a lot to ask. We would love to help out,

 but Miguel just lost his job. We're barely scraping by. I understand.

 Obviously, it has to be someone who can afford to do this.

 We wish we could, but we've got such a full house. Maybe

 it should be someone who doesn't have kids. I know this is

 not going to be easy, but we're family. And this is what

 we do for each other. - No. - Yes. Well, you know,

 we're still going to be family tomorrow. So, I think we should

 think about it overnight and search our hearts and try to figure

 out which one of your homes is best for Ana. Gabrielle's right.

 And please know that I won't judge any of you harshly if

 you decide that you cannot take care of my beautiful granddaughter. We

 love you, Aunt Connie! Yay! - What are you doing? - I'm

 helping. I don't need any help. And besides, my Parisian salad doesn't

 call for any chives. Yes. I've always thought it was a bit

 bland. I think the chives will give it the bite it's so

 sorely lacking. My salad has plenty of bite. - So, when are

 you moving out? - Actually, I'm not. Excuse me? No, I've decided

 to stay so we can work on our marriage. Am I cutting

 these too fine? Orson, I understand this is a shock, but you

 have to face facts. Our marriage is over. Once you weigh what's

 at stake, I think you'll change your mind. Well, if you're referring

 to the financial settlement, I already told you, I don't care anymore.

 No, actually I'm referring to your freedom. I've been to jail, Bree.

 Trust me, you wouldn't last 10 seconds. - Jail? - Yes, of

 course. Well, insurance fraud is a serious crime. But I never filed

 an insurance claim. But I did. - What? - Yes. I thought

 we were robbed, so of course I did the responsible thing and

 reported it. On both our behalves. And since you rather carelessly rented

 the storage unit under your own name, I think the police will

 find me completely blameless. You'd actually send your wife to prison? My

 wife? No. My ex-wife? You bet. But it won't come to that,

 darling. I know we can get back to what we both once

 had. That will never happen. Sure, we've had our challenges. Your penchant

 for emasculation, my kleptomania, but every marriage has its ebb and flow.

 Orson, please don't do this. I don't love you. That's all right,

 darling. I have enough love for the both of us. Hmm. Not

 bland anymore. The girls are sacked out. Can we talk now? What's

 there to talk about? You won't even let the girls get a

 golden retriever, and now you want to take in a teenager? It's

 not about what I want. It's about doing the right thing. This

 is what family does for each other. Well, luckily, it's a big

 family. Let her go live with Nina and Luis. They have eight

 kids. So what's one more? They'll never know the difference. You're being

 selfish. No, I'm thinking about our children. They're so happy. Taking in

 a kid we don't even know? That's a huge risk. Yeah, it's

 the same risk my Aunt Connie took for me and my mother.

 When my father left, Mama and I had nowhere else to turn.

 Aunt Connie opened her home to us. She saved us from the

 streets. Yeah, and knowing Aunt Connie, she's waited all these years to

 call that favor in. She's probably dying on purpose. Babe, we are

 so blessed. This is a chance for us to give back. Maybe

 God gave me back my sight, and all this money, so I

 could help my family. Gabby, think about it. If something happened to

 us, wouldn't you want someone to do this for our two girls?

 Okay, whoa, whoa, easy. You're a little drunk, there. Thanks. I love

 you, Lynette. I love you, too, baby. There you go. And I

 love you, Preston. I'm Porter. I never could tell you two apart.

 But you're my favorite. Lynette, how come you let me drink so

 many margaritas? Yeah, and why did we have to stay till closing?

 It's almost 2:00. Who cares what time it is? We were celebrating

 a big change in your dad's life. Hey! Someone called. Tom Scavo,

 this is Mr. Cummings. We met during your tour of the campus.

 Forgive me, but I gave you the wrong date for the admissions

 test. It's tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. Cram! I've got to crap for

 that test! Oh, jeez. They're on to you. Those messages you sent

 to my receptionist didn't fool anybody. They've identified my body, and now

 they're trying to trap you. It's not going to work. They can

 trace those signals, Dave. They're going to find you. It's too late.

 Whatever plan you had, it went to hell when you killed me.

 You should have stayed on your meds. You don't know what you're

 talking about. I'm getting away with this. Why would you want to?

 I don't mean to criticize, but I thought you were doing this

 for us. I am. I want justice for our family. Then who

 cares if you're caught? We miss you, Dave. We should be together.

 So, what are you saying? So, I should just walk over and

 kill MJ now? Sure, why not? And let's face it. Your plan

 to take the kid to some lake and pretend he accidentally drowned?

 Boring. Isn't it better that Susan know why her son had to

 die? I mean, the whole point is to make her suffer, right?

 That's true. And then the whole world will finally understand what you've

 been going through. Yeah, that's it. Good job. One more, just like

 that. - Hey. Can I talk to you a second? - Yeah,

 sure. I'm gonna get some juice, you want anything? No, thanks. So,

 look, I'm sorry if I was a little under-enthusiastic the other day

 about you and Katherine getting married. I understand. You just found out

 your fianc? was being deported. The timing kind of sucked. Yeah, that

 and... I don't know, it did kind of come out of nowhere.

 Well, we have been living together. I know, but still, I mean,

 it happened so fast. I just... I want to make sure that

 you know what you're doing. - Susan... - I know. And feel

 free to throw me out of your house if I'm out of

 line, but do you love her? Why would you ask that? Just

 answer the question. Yeah, I love her. Good. That's all I needed

 to hear. Well, I hope that you will be very happy together.

 And I hope everything works out for you and Jackson. Yeah, well,

 I don't know if that's going to happen. What do you mean?

 You two aren't getting married? Oh, the truth is... Well, it's complicated.

 Hey, Susan, MJ told me you were here. What are you guys

 talking about? We were talking about you, actually. Me? What about me?

 Well, I realized that I never properly congratulated you on getting married.

 Really? Really. Hey, babe, how'd the test go? It's as though I

 dug down deep and I found a new level of suck that

 I never knew I had in me. I'm sure it wasn't that

 bad. Lynette, I puked tequila in the parking lot. I passed out

 twice in the essay section and I giggled uncontrollably when I read

 the word \"Uranus.\" Add to that, that I'm pretty sure that I

 spelled \"Scavo\" wrong, and it is a safe bet that I will

 not be broadening my horizons anytime soon. Hey, don't sweat it. You

 wanted to learn Chinese? We'll get you a book. Mandarin is a

 very complicated language. You can't get the kind of fluency you need

 for the professional marketplace from a book. Marketplace? That's the whole point.

 China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies. The opportunities for someone

 with my marketing experience who can speak the language are amazing. I

 mean, we're talking beaucoup bucks. I could have totally reinvented myself. That's

 a brilliant plan. Why didn't you tell me this? What does it

 matter? It's over. I'm sorry I let you down. Wow. You're getting

 married this weekend? Yeah. That's the good thing about Vegas. It doesn't

 require any planning. Oh, my gosh, you know what? Why don't you

 come with us? You could be my maid of honor. - That's

 ridiculous, isn't it? - It's sweet, but, yes, ridiculous. And besides, MJ

 and I have big plans this weekend. Hey, Dave. Glad I caught

 you. Is your friend's boat still available this weekend? - What? -

 Well, I was thinking about what you said, and you were right.

 It really would do me good to get out of here for

 a few days. You're right. It would do us all some good.

 Carlos. You have no idea how much this means to me. Knowing

 that you and Gabby will be looking after my beautiful Ana. I

 can finally be at peace. Oh! I love you, too. And tell

 Gabby I said \"thank you.\" Bye. So, are you going to tell

 them the truth about Ana? Oh, they'll find out soon enough. Hello?

 Hi, I'm trying to reach Roberta Simmonds. Speaking, but barely. Who's this?

 This is Claire Cormier. Dr. Heller's receptionist. Do you remember me? Yeah,

 sure. But I'm right in the middle of my breakfast, so if

 you'd call me back around 11:00... I just thought you might want

 to know the police stopped by. They told me that Dr. Heller

 is dead. Yeah, go on. I'm listening. Dr. Heller died in a

 fire at the White Horse? And apparently, there was no smoke in

 his lungs. Which means he was dead before the fire started. My

 guess? The person he was coming to see is the person who

 killed him. - Dave. - Dave. Roberta, what are we going to

 do? - Go to the police. - And tell them what? Well,

 we know Dr. Heller was a criminal psychologist, and we're pretty sure

 Dave was his patient. I'd feel better if we had proof. I'd

 feel better if I had a functioning liver, but sometimes you have

 to play the hand you're dealt. If we walk into the police

 with a half-cocked story, they're going to laugh us out of the

 station. I don't know how, but we gotta give them something more.

 Didn't you tell me Dave once broke into your house? Yeah. Why?

 Maybe it's time we return the favor. You know, when you missed

 your appointment on Monday, we thought maybe you skipped out on us.

 Yeah, well, as you can see, I was otherwise detained. You know

 this guy? No. Who is he? Samuel Heller. The John Doe who

 died in the club fire. You sure you didn't see him when

 you were in that back hallway? No. Like I told you that

 night, I was only back there for a minute. And you didn't

 see anybody? Jeez, it was a long time ago. I was looking

 for the men's room, I ran into Dave Williams, he was -

 coming out of the storage room... - Wait. You saw Dave Williams

 coming out of the storage room? Yeah. Didn't I tell you that

 before? I thought it was the bathroom, but Dave pointed me in

 the right direction. And right after that, somebody locked you in. Come

 on, you don't think Dave did that? I don't know. He have

 any reason to harm you? No. We're friends. He's one of the

 nicest guys I've ever met. Well, thanks for your time, Mr. Braddock.

 Sorry I couldn't be more help. How many times we talk to

 this Williams guy? Oh, I don't know... Four? He ever mention anything

 about being in that storage room? He did not. And I'm gonna

 catch a fish this big! Well, if you do, we're gonna clean

 it and serve it up for dinner. And if I don't, can

 we eat the worms? Just make sure he catches a fish. Hey,

 Mike. I got something for you. It's a video from our band.

 One of our early rehearsals. - Man, do I even want to

 see this? - Yeah, we weren't half bad. Don't watch it till

 you get back from your honeymoon. Okay? Will do. Thanks. Okay. Bye,

 Mike. - Have a nice wedding. - Thanks. - You take good

