 ":"Desperate

 Housewives S05E05 Mirror, Mirror (Une soirée pleine de surprises) (VO&VF+STFR&EN) My name

 is Bree, and I am an alcoholic. Bree put her problem behind

 her. There's at least one employer who'd love to hire me. Who?

 - Orson asked for a job. - You. Dave lost his temper...

 Damn it! I said no! - and aroused the suspicion... - This

 guy is up to something. of his neighbor. It was all Karen

 Mccluskey's fault. She kept asking me all this stuff about your background.

 She reminds me of my grandmother when we first started to notice.

 - The dementia, that is. - You think Karen's going senile? It

 could have been such a lovely evening. The idea was to have

 a surprise birthday party. People would bring food and gifts and wait

 in the dark for the guest of honor to arrive. But it

 turned out to be a night full of surprises, the kind most

 people don't care for. Damn it. Why do you have to be

 such a buzz kill? Why can't you, just once, give me a

 little support? Fine. I'll get you a towel. For what? If I

 was with another woman, that wouldn't bother you? No, it wouldn't. I'm

 sorry that I lied, and for what it's worth, the guilt has

 been tearing me apart. Get your hands off me, you selfish son

 of a bitch! You're putting me in an impossible position. Then let

 me make it simpler for you, I want a divorce. Oh, yes.

 It could have been such a lovely evening, but this was one

 party that was over... before it even began. You think you can

 screw with me? Moments before she was to leave for the party,

 Gabrielle Solis was at her mirror, halfheartedly putting the final touches on

 her lips. A problem had come to her attention... Damn. One she

 couldn't gloss over. Mommy, what are you doing? Mommy has a friend

 who visits her every month, and she's late, - and that's bad.

 - Why? Because she's the one who assures me that you won't

 get a baby brother or sister. - But I want a little

 brother. - I don't care. Sorry... Mommy really misses her friend, and,

 mommy's gonna be really sad if her friend doesn't show up soon.

 Go downstairs and play. Mommy has some praying to do. I have

 your test results. Congratulations. You're pregnant. Mrs. Solis. I don't care. You

 told me this couldn't happen. You said it was impossible! The human

 reproductive system is complicated and often unpredictable. Sometimes miracles happen. This isn't

 a miracle. This is a disaster. My husband's blind. Neither one of

 us have jobs. - My husband's blind. - Trust me. Children are

 a blessing. You'll see. It'll all work out. I hope to god

 you're right. - What does this number mean anyway? - That's your

 beta number, and it's high, which indicates the possibility of twins. Relax.

 This baby is gonna be the best thing that ever happened to

 us. I am so sick of everybody looking at the glass half-full.

 The glass is empty, people, and so is our bank account. Is

 that what you're worried about, money? I'll get a job. What are

 you gonna do, take up piano and get a contract with Motown?

 Actually, I was thinking about becoming a masseur. You don't need your

 eyes for that. It's all about the touch. I guess that's not

 the worst idea you've ever had. But it's not just about the

 money... After my miscarriage, I gave up on this dream. I just

 figured God decided I couldn't possibly be a good mom, so he

 didn't make it happen. He obviously changed his mind. I wish he'd

 stop doing that. Nobody likes a fickle God. Babe, believe me. You

 getting pregnant is... a one-in-a-million shot. It's a miracle. Let's embrace it

 and celebrate. Hello, Mrs. Solis. I have your test results. Great. Do

 I have anemia? Is that why I've been so tired? Not exactly.

 And please don't slap me. - I'm pregnant! - Oh, my god.

 It's another miracle. We're up to two miracles, and if you come

 back from the dead after I kill you, it'll be three. Why

 you mad at me? \"Oh, gaby, why do I need to wear

 a condom? There's no way lightning's gonna strike twice.\" I didn't think

 it would. Put the baby down, Carlos. I don't want to. Do

 it. I need to hit something, and it needs to be you.

 You are looking at this all wrong. This is one-in-a-million. We should

 celebrate and embrace... Cram it, you fertile freak! You're getting a vasectomy.

 I can't do that. We're catholic. It's against our religion. I got

 news for you. We just converted to judaism. Problem solved. Mazel Tov!

 It's not just that. There are other reasons... I am done fighting

 off your bionic sperm. You're getting snipped, and that's final. You're awfully

 quiet tonight. Got a lot on my mind. I think I'm pregnant.

 - What? - I know. It's crazy. You had a vasectomy. It's

 impossible. So what makes you think you're pregant? My period's late, that

 never happens to me. I'm like a swiss clock. Come on. There

 could be a lot of reasons for that. Let's not worry about

 it. We're going to a party. You gotta lighten up. - But

 I'm gonna talk to Bob. - Bob? Why? Because he and Lee

 are here. Bob's an attorney. I'm gonna get him to sue the

 quack who obviously botched your vasectomy. Let's not go there. Hiring an

 attorney's expensive, and I don't know that we can prove anything. I'm

 gonna find out. Fine. But... Let's not talk to Bob. I don't

 want our neighbors involved in our business. Don't worry. He's a professional.

 He'll keep it confidential. Gaby, no. You can't talk to him. -

 Why the hell not? - I never got a vasectomy. Hi, guys.

 Welcome to the party. Earlier that evening, as she waited for her

 guests to arrive, Susan Mayer took a moment to do her eyebrows.

 Of course, she had no way of knowing just how how high

 those eyebrows... Sorry I'm late. Would soon be raised. What took you

 so long? People are gonna be here. I need you to pour

 the cheap vodka into the expensive bottles. I couldn't find my pants.

 I'm here so much that when I go back to my place,

 - I can't remember where anything is. - Just please change your

 shirt. I've been thinking that, - I spend so much time with

 you anyway... - Fine. You can have a little space in the

 closet. I think I've got some clothes from the '80s I'm ready

 to part with. Actually, I'm talking about moving in. Moving in? Here?

 Yeah. That's where we're headed. We should take the plunge. What do

 you think? Obviously, this is the bedroom. Right. Do you want to

 stick with this color or switch it up or what? I don't

 know. I'm sort of going through a, difficult transition in my life

 right now. I need a change. I was thinking.... taupe. Sounds good.

 I like this place. It's got a good vibe. Thanks. And a

 nice scent. What is that, your perfume? Get out. Excuse me? I

 was not born yesterday, pal. You're coming on to me. No, I'm

 not. Please. Telling me I smell good? I'm not even wearing deodorant.

 - I said the house smells good. - Semantics. And then the

 not so subtle sit-on-the-bed maneuver? Why not just ask for a massage?

 I sat because my feet hurt from you dragging me around for

 an hour, telling you wanna paint every room taupe. You said you

 liked it. You're obviously going through a rough patch. I was afraid

 if I suggested anything outside the beige, I might send you over

 the edge. I'll let myself out. Don't go. That was very sweet

 of you to consider my feelings. You know what? You're hired. Thanks...

 I think. So do you need to look these over one more

 time? Then just sign them, and you'll be officially divorced. You know

 what? We need a minute. Take your time. Are we doing the

 right thing here? You're kidding me, right? Once we sign these papers,

 there's no going back. I can't believe this. You were the one

 who called the lawyer. I know. I'm thinking... that maybe that was

 a mistake. We've been separated for a year. All we're doing today

 is making it official. We wouldn't be here if it weren't for

 that accident. You know that. Before that, we were good. We could

 get back there. It's nobody's fault, but I can't do this anymore.

 Come on! We were Mike and Susan, remember? You only get one

 of those in a lifetime. We could make things right again. And

 here's how. You're back. What do you think? It looks good. I

 think you were right to stick with this color. It looks fantastic.

 Thanks. Do you like scotch? I need to be honest about something.

 Honest? I don't usually do this kind of thing, hook up like

 this, out of the blue. Not that it wasn't great, 'cause it

 was, but I'm not really looking to start anything. Work is crazy,

 and I just got a dog, and... I'm just not in that

 place right now. So just to be clear, you're saying you don't

 want a relationship? Sorry. I probably should have said that right up

 front. It's fantastic. Really? I don't want a relationship either. All I

 want from you is exactly what we just did. Except next time,

 it's Susan. \"Mrs. Mayer\" was probably a little formal for the moment.

 There's gonna be a next time? Unless you're not interested. Are you

 kidding? I'm this close to doing a victory lap around the bed.

 You're really fine with this, a purely physical thing? I gave romance

 a shot and... I'm ready for something a little more casual. I've

 heard of women like you, but... I thought you were an urban

 myth. Did you hear what I said? You want to move in.

 It's just that, when I'm not with you, I'm waiting to be

 with you. I've never felt like this before. So... what do you

 think? Do you want to live together? That's it? Just no? You're

 not gonna give me a reason? What's wrong with the way things

 are? Why change everything now? Because... I've fallen in love with you.

 Hi, guys. Welcome to the party. The last thing Lynette Scavo did

 before a party was to check for gray hairs. Let's go! Time

 for bath! She had no way of knowing before this evening was

 over, she would have a few more. If you're thinking of taking

 that for a spin, I've got bad news. You're 9. What's the

 matter, sweetie? Is daddy dying? What? Of course not. Why would you

 say something like that? I heard Porter and Preston fighting about who's

 gonna get daddy's car when he dies. They're just being silly. They're

 always silly. That's why we won't be sad when they move out

 of the house. Come on. But everybody dies someday, right? Yes, but

 daddy's gonna live to a ripe old age unless he doesn't get

 home in time for mrs. Mccluskey's party, and then all bets are

 off. Daddy's gonna be fine. Hi. My husband... I'm Lynette Scavo. -

 Dr. Baron called me... - I'm dr. Baron. Hi. What happened? Your

 husband was working on an electrical panel at his restaurant... and received

 a massive shock. Essentially, his heart stopped pumping. Is he... Fortunately, there

 was a policeman eating in the restaurant. He administered C.P.R. until the

 ambulance got there. So he's okay? His heart restarted. Now it's a

 matter of determining if there's any tissue damage. We're optimistic, but the

 next 36 hours are critical. I'm thinking, no more electrical work, okay?

 The kids know everything's fine. They send their love. Don't worry about

 anything, okay? Just rest. I'll come back soon, okay? You know what

 I thought? When I was lying there on the floor, I thought,

 I'm gonna die, in a pizza place. My whole life was gonna

 be summed up with this obituary headline: \"Local pizza shop owner dies.\"

 But it doesn't matter because you're not dying. I need more... There's

 gotta be more. We'll find more. Just rest now, okay? Hey, sexy.

 Drop the rake and get in. What the hell is this? This

 is the car that I have wanted my whole life. When I

 was 12 years old, I had a poster of this baby up

 on my wall. And when I was 12, I had a poster

 of Shaun Cassidy, but you don't see me driving around in him,

 do you? - I want to show you something. - What, do

 machine guns come out of the headlights? I carry this around to

 remind me of the day that I almost died. That day you

 promised me that we would find more. I'm keeping the car. So

 do you want a ride? Where have you been? So help me,

 if Mccluskey gets there before us, - I will brain you. -

 Sorry, let's go. Sweetie, we already got Karen a candle. An R.V.

 might be overkill. That's not for her. That's for us. I'm about

 to blow your mind. Don't. I like my mind the way it

 is. What would you say to the idea of taking the kids

 out of school for a year and bopping around the country in

 one of these sweet rides? I might not say anything. I might

 just put my finger to my ear and twirl it in small

 circles. - We can't do that. - Yes, we can. We can

 do whatever we want. Life is short. Let me ask you one

 tiny question about this big adventure plan of yours. Who's gonna be

 running our restaurant while we're off doing the electric kool-aid acid test?

 That won't be our problem. The last few weeks, I've been talking

 to a guy from Passentino's pizza. They want to buy us out.

 This afternoon, I said yes. Hey, guys. You ready to party? Moments

 before she was due at her friend's party, Bree Hodge was at

 the mirror, applying her eyeliner. Aren't you dapper? When I tell everyone

 I'm your new partner, I want to look the part. It would

 not be the last time that evening Bree would find herself... Actually,

 dear... drawing a line. I'd rather you not talk about the job

 tonight. But, this is the first party in months when I can

 answer the question, \"what's new?\" without mumbling into my drink. It's just

 vulgar to discuss business at a party. You haven't told Katherine yet,

 have you? It's not that easy. You know she'll be furious. Yes,

 but the great thing about Katherine is she'll express it so passive-aggressively,

 we'll hardly notice. I know she's your friend, but she's also our

 employee. Why is this so difficult for you? It's... complicated. Another dead

 soldier. Careful, dear. You don't want to be ill tomorrow. Nothing like

 a headache to spoil a perfectly nice first day in prison. Would

 anybody like some more frittata? Is my wife amazing or what? How

 many inmates get sent off with a festive champagne brunch? When you're

 in jail, you might want to avoid words like \"festive\" and \"brunch.\"

 They kind of say, \"Hi. I'm husband hunting.\" - Andrew, please. -

 It's fine. This is my last taste of freedom for three years.

 I want jokes. I want fun, laughter. Anyway, prison won't be such

 a big change. You're a dentist. You're used to cavity searches. You

 vowed to me that you wouldn't say that. Bree tells me that

 you're going to make very good use of your time away. Yes.

 He's going to read a lot of classic books, maybe study a

 language. He can learn the italian for, \"I cost five cigarettes. Andrew,

 really. He's joking. Everything's fine... Except my glass, which seems to be

 empty. For God sake. Get up. We have the garden club lunch

 in... You've been drinking? Go away. I don't feel well. We have

 a lunch to cater. I'm too tired. Can you do it? Get

 up. When did this start? When Orson left, I... began having a

 glass of white wine now and then. Then when Danielle took Benjamin,

 I didn't see any reason to stop. Is this why you missed

 the lunch last week? And the Braverman Bar Mitzvah? I can't help

 myself, all right? My husband's gone. My son's gone. I have nothing

 left. No, actually, you have a lunch for 40 in 3 hours,

 - and I'm not letting you out of it. - Katherine, please.

 You have a void in your life. Welcome to the club. Don't

 fill it with wine. Fill it with work, with accomplishments. Just think

 about the woman you could be by the time Orson gets back.

 Or is this the woman, you want him to come home to?

 He's gonna be so ashamed of me. No, he won't... because you're

 not gonna tell him. You know he'd just blame himself. I don't

 know if I can make it this time. Yes, you will, Because

 I am moving in. You would do that? When I had nothing,

 you made me your partner. I'm not gonna forget that. I am

 gonna get you through this. And when we're done, that scary woman

 over there, she's never gonna be seen in this house again. When

 you think about it, tonight is the ideal time for you to

 tell Katherine. The presence of the other guests will keep her from

 causing a scene. - As word spreads that we're partners... - How

 is word going to spread? I'll be spreading it. People will be

 congratulating me, and Katherine will have to join in and risk looking

 petty. She'll be twice as mad having been put in that position.

 - I am not telling her tonight. - Fine. Then I will.

 No, you will not. I forbid it. For a partner, you're sounding

 a lot like a boss. I am telling her. If we can't

 agree on something this basic, maybe we shouldn't work together. What are

 you saying? - Maybe you should joining the company. - I have

 no intention of reconsidering. - Fine. You're fired. Hey guys. You're ready

 to party? The party was in full swing, and everyone was waiting

 to surprise the guest of honor. Little did they know, an even

 bigger surprise was on its way. Sorry I'm late. There was a

 line at the bakery. You really went all out. She deserves it.

 Can I help you, Mrs. Mccluskey? This letter for Edie came to

 my house by mistake. I'm making sure that none of my stuff

 came here. It's all yours. - Anything interesting? - Fortunately, no. I

 just saw your friend Karen outside. - Is she still asking you

 questions? - A few, but don't take it personally. Prying is what

 people too old to have sex do to keep life interesting. She's

 turning 70 next week. No kidding. We should throw her a party.

 I'm already taking her out for a drink, that's plenty. She'll be

 70. Don't you think that calls for something bigger? Karen's a friend,

 but I don't like having her in my house. It would be

 one thing if we had a bathroom with a window, but... Couldn't

 you ask someone else to host it? I suppose I could palm

 it off to Mayer. Good. Tell her we'll supply the food and

 liquor. Karen's not a fan of yours. Why do you want to

 throw her a party? It's a big day for her. I just

 want to make sure it's special. So... What do you think? I

 think that is one hell of an outfit to wear to a

 70th birthday party. It's my gift to Karen. I figure she'll get

 at least five good boob jokes out of it. She'll be here

 soon, So let's go over this one more time. I take her

 home, then I come up with some excuse to get her over

 to Susan's, where everyone jumps out and yells, \"surprise!\" Which I still

 say isn't the smartesthing to do to a 70-year-old. Mrs. Mccluskey. Happy

 birthday. Jeez, are we going for drinks or mammograms? That's one. Let

 me grab my earrings, and we're good to go. So... 70. It's

 quite a milestone. How's it feel? No big whoop. Edie told me

 that she takes you out for a birthday drink every year. I

 think that's a great tradition. I'm just trying to be friends here.

 All righty then. I'll see you later. Come on. Let's go. I've

 got enough friends. - Where's Karen? - She'll be here as soon

 as she gives her cat some medicine. Do I you think she'll

 be surprised? Absolutely. What the... Just so I'm clear, you want us

 to sell our thriving business so we can live in a bus,

 like carnies? Come on. This is cool. We can go wherever we

 want. The kids could see america. And when we start stealing to

 support ourselves, the kids can see the inside of a prison. You're

 right. It's a brilliant idea. Damn it. Why do you have to

 be such a buzz kill? Why can't you, just once, give me

 a little support? Fine. I'll get you a towel. For what? Bree,

 you can't fire me. Not after all the sacrifices I made for

 you. Stop throwing jail in my face. Your cellmate was a crooked

 C.P.A. who helped you form a bridge club. - It wasn't exactly

 Attica. - I need this job. Do you have any idea what

 it's like to wake up every morning and have no reason to

 get out of bed? To smile and nod at neighbors who know

 your wife's supporting you because no one will hire a felon? I

 am drowning, and for you to throw me a lifeline - and

 then snatch it away... - I should've never offered you that job.

 - It wasn't fair to Katherine. - I am your husband. Why

 are you putting Katherine's feelings ahead of mine? Please. You're putting me

 in an impossible position. Then let me make it simpler for you.

 I want a divorce. Katherine, great dress. You're gonna turn some heads

 with that one. I hope you're enjoying this party, 'cause you're not

 gonna live to see another. I'm sorry that I lied, for what

 it's worth, the guilt has been tearing me apart. You know what's

 gonna tear me apart? A 10-pound baby shooting out my hoo-ha. Honey,

 look at it this way, God blessed us again because you are

 such a great mom. Get your hands off me, you selfish son

 of a bitch. I told you I love you. Doesn't that mean

 anything to you? Yes. It means that someone forgot that we had

 an agreement to keep things casual. So if we're not in a

 relationship, if I was with another woman, that wouldn't bother you? No,

 it wouldn't. Quiet, everyone. She's coming. Move it. Surprise! You think you

 can screw with me? What do you mean? - What the hell

 are you doing? - Ask that husband of yours! - Let's not

 be doing that. - That man broke into my house tonight! -

 What? - Yes, he moved things around, he took a picture off

 the wall, and then he put the table next to the couch,

 and the dish for the keys... It's always by the door. And

 that's not the first time he's broken in either. He stole my

 cat, and then he put him back. Why would I do those

 things? I hate to say it, but you're not making a lot

 of sense right now. Maybe you need to lie down. I think

 we should call 9-1-1. Let go of me! Why are you all

 acting like I'm crazy? Halle-damn-lujah, I got my period! Was she surprised?

 She seemed totally disoriented, babbling. I just hope it isn't dementia. She

 lives by herself. We'll alert the hospital. We're gonna need a psych

 evaluation. Thank you. Poor Karen. I hope she's okay. Yeah, me too.

 We should probably talk now, huh? Yeah. Let's talk. Does this relationship

 have a future? What we have here has been working pretty well.

 Answer the question. Can't we just keep going the way we are?

 And there's my answer. It seems like they're taking good care of

 her. I hope you didn't mean what you said earlier. You just

 don't understandwhat I owe to Katherine. You're right. I don't. You started

 the company and gave her a job when she needed one badly.

 Why are you the one who owes her? You know that... brunch

 we had for you right before you left for prison? I was

 very tense, and I was very unhappy. So I had... a glass

 of champagne. She's tough. I'm sure she'll be okay. How about the

 crazy married couple throwing drinks? How are they gonna be? I just

 thought that you got it, that you, knew what I was going

 through after accident. Obviously I was wrong. I get it. The sports

 car, the garage band... Maybe what we need now, is for you

 to get it. I was the one laying on the floor with

 a cop pounding on my chest. And I had cancer. I get

 it. You want your life to count for something. Exactly. I just

 don't want to keep making pizzas every day till I drop to

 the floor for real. I want my life to be exciting. I

 need adventure. Scavo's was the adventure. We changed our whole lives so

 you could live out your dream. And now you're bored. We can't

 keep doing this. We can't keep throwing all the cards in the

 air every time you get a little restless. Let's call it a

 night. We have to work tomorrow. Are you coming? I'll come when

 I'm ready. Did she really need an ambulance? I don't know. But

 you would have if I hadn't started my period. How could you

 have done this? Isn't it obvious? I want another kid. We can't

 handle another kid. We're living hand to mouth as it is. That's

 what you said before we had Juanita and before we had Celia,

 and somehow we manage. Can you imagine our lives without them? Of

 course I can't. How could you have lied to me? I just

 couldn't shake the idea that maybe god had one more miracle in

 store for us. Maybe a son. And we have so much love

 in our lives, I got greedy, and I wanted more. But you're

 right. It was selfish and stupid, and I am so sorry. I

 will call tomorrow and schedule a vasectomy. Or... we use birth control,

 and I'm talking double-bagging. At least until we both decide it's a

 good idea. I think I gotta kiss you. And until we get

 a box of condoms in that house, that's all you're gettin'. What's

 up? Bree told me what you did for her when I was

 in prison. - I just want to thank you. - It's nothing.

 Not to Bree or me. And you were dead right to stop

 her from telling me. I'd consider it an honor to work for

 somebody that wise. Work for? The last I heard, it was partner.

 How's this? I'll become a partner... but, only after you decide I've

 earned it. I'm a patient man. I don't care if it takes

 two years. Honey... working for Bree... you're not gonna last ten months.

 Mind if I say good-bye to our girl? Sure, but she's a

 little groggy. You planned the whole thing. You're trying to get rid

 of me. Yes. And I'm sorry it had to be you. 'Cause

 I know you're up to something... Something awful. You don't know what

 \"awful\" is. You take care of yourself, Karen, I mean that. Yes,

 it was a night filled with surprises. Some had learned of their

 husband's plans for the future. Others had discovered the truth of their

 wife's past. Some were touched by their husband's secret longings. Others were

 hurt by their lover's quick departure. But for one resident, the evening

 had gone as planned. And he now turned his thoughts to his

 real agenda. It wouldn't be long now, before he destroyed the man

 who had ruined his life. But he knew he had to move

