 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives. A friend was welcomed back. I told them how

 much better you were doing. A marriage was on the mend. I

 would like to recapture what we once had. Gabby and Carlos discovered

 a secret... You are getting sloppy! And if people start poking around,

 we're done! ...and Susan made a request. You're asking if I'm okay

 with letting a stripper live with us? The first thing you need

 to know about Robin Gallagher was that everyone liked to look at

 her. They would stare at her legs, and her breasts, and her

 hair. And once they were done, people would begin to ask... Who

 is this? - This is my friend, Robin. - Hello there. Mike

 had to work today, so I thought I'd bring her as my

 plus one. - Hello there. - You already said that. I wanted

 her to know I meant it. It's really good to have you

 back on the lane, Katherine. It's great to be back. I didn't

 know what to expect at first. I have wondered how everyone would

 feel about me, if they were really ready to welcome me back.

 I guess there's always that fear that people are going to reject

 you. - Do I smell appetizers? - I know I do. Hello,

 Susan. Who's your new friend? Robin, this is Carlos, Tom, Roy, and

 Orson. Hope you got all that because there's going to be a

 quiz later. Oh, God. So, Robin, welcome to my humble abode. Thank

 you. It's so suburban. I've never been in a place where the

 ceilings are so tall. Fascinating. Just fascinating. - You live in the

 city? - I did, but I'll be living with Susan for a

 while. I just moved in today. - Susan, let's get you a

 drink. - Oh, no. That's okay. I'll wait till... So... So, how

 did you meet Susan? So, you want to tell us about your

 new friend? Or should I say \"roommate\"? She was down on her

 luck and she needed a place to stay. Plus I feel responsible

 because I told her to give up her job. What was wrong

 with her job? Well, we probably don't need to let the guys

 in on this, but Robin was... That's wild! So, you used to

 be a stripper? Yes, everyone liked to look at Robin Gallagher, but

 not everyone liked what they saw. Later, while the men of Wisteria

 Lane were trying the shrimp, their wives were trying to control themselves.

 You moved a stripper into the neighborhood? - What were you thinking?

 - You guys aren't even taking the time - to get to

 know her. - Our husbands are in there pooling together their dollar

 bills. What more do we need to know? I just met Robin.

 She seems great. Did she mention that she's a stripper? Did she

 have to? Look, I am just trying to help her get back

 on her feet. I bet that'd be a nice change for her.

 She is living in my house. If anybody should be worried, it'd

 be me, and I am not threatened by her at all. -

 Really? - Yes. She's a nice girl. Yeah. Nice, blonde, and you

 can bounce a quarter off her ass. I'm telling you, she's trouble.

 Here's the good thing, she can't bring any more crazy to this

 street than I did. Let's give her a chance. I agree. Robin's

 probably had a tough life and she needs our help. Well, I'm

 all for being open-minded, but I have teenage boys at home. The

 last thing I need next door is a stripper. Hey, Mrs. Scavo.

 We're picking up Parker for school. Please, come in. I'll get him

 for you. So, are you ever going to get back to folding

 the laundry? Well, I thought I'd treat myself and wash the breakfast

 dishes first. Well, you started this, don't you think you should finish?

 Well, since you're so passionate about it, knock yourself out. Okay, you

 just went from jerk to adorable real quick. - Happy anniversary. -

 Oh. It's the ring! You went back to that antique shop! Yep.

 Thank you. Wait till you see your present. You can unwrap it

 tonight, when the kids are asleep. Or how about after they leave

 for school? Okay. Hey, why are they still up there? And why

 can't I hear them? Hey, boys. What's going on? We're late for

 school. Hey, Lynette. Hi. The next time you take a shower, do

 you think you could close your blinds? I have a 16-year-old son,

 and he has friends. - Oh, no. - Oh, yes. You may

 have retired from the strip club, but you're still doing seven shows

 a week. I mean, at least they didn't have to pay a

 cover charge, right? This is a nice community. You have a responsibility

 to the neighbors, especially the ones with innocent children. Well, they're not

 all so innocent. Excuse me? Yesterday, that son of yours asked me

 if I would have sex with him. Parker? My Parker? Red hair,

 skinny, still-sleeps-in-a-bed- shaped-like-a-race-car Parker? Of course, I said no. Then he offered

 me cash. Hey. Come in. Have a seat. What's up? Is something

 wrong? We hoped it would be another year before we had the

 parent-son conversation where we tell you not to offer your neighbor money

 for sex, but... Oh, crap. She told? Yeah. You might want to

 pick a more discreet stripper next time. What were you thinking? We

 raised you better than that. Didn't we? - Yeah, we did. -

 We did. So, what do you have to say for yourself? I

 just really, really, really needed to have sex. Three \"reallys\"? Well, in

 that case, here's a 20. Go back and try again. You are

 a 16-year-old boy. We understand your hormones are holding your brain hostage,

 but why would you think you would need to pay for sex?

 Because I'm the only one of my friends who hasn't lost his

 virginity. First of all, we've seen your friends, and trust me, Pimples,

 Braces, and Beam Me Up Scotty are not getting any. Girls don't

 look at me that way. It's never going to happen. Hey. Knock

 it off. You are a great kid. You don't need to pay

 for it. In a few years, when you're emotionally ready, you'll meet

 the right girl and you will have tons of sex. After you're

 married. Okay, Dad. Sorry. Nice job. Thank you. You think he bought

 it? Bought what? You know. Mmm-mmm. Guys always pay for sex in

 some way. I mean, dinner, flowers, antique rings. Whoa. Whoa! You think

 that's the only reason we're having sex tonight? Of course not. It's

 our anniversary. It's a given, like turkey on Thanksgiving. Although I am

 hoping that the ring gets me an upgrade from missionary. Forget about

 upgrades. You just got bumped off the flight. Honey, what... Why are

 you getting so upset? Because I didn't know I was married to

 such a cynical lug nut. Wait... Are we really not going to

 have sex tonight? Don't worry, Tom. In a few years, when you're

 emotionally ready, you're going to have tons of sex. Come on! So,

 you really like that ring? Yep. Did you read the inscription? \"To

 my darling...\" We're not having sex, Tom. Come on. Why not? Because

 I am still upset by what you said. Do you really think

 women only sleep with men if they buy them things? No. I

 think supermodels sleep with 80-year-old millionaires because they love to hear stories

 about when bread was five cents a loaf. Well, I'm not a

 model and you're no millionaire, so I'm thinking you owe me an

 apology. You and I went to Marley's Tavern on our first two

 dates, and I could barely get past a good night kiss. But

 the third time out, I dropped 200 bucks at La Rive Gauche

 and bam! You finally put out. Finally made love. Listen, you idiot.

 I did not put out because you bought me an expensive dinner.

 I did it because you showed up for the date with a

 light bulb to replace the one that had burned out in the

 hallway to my apartment. Remember? You said I didn't live in the

 best neighborhood... And I was worried about you. Bingo! I was ready

 to do you right then and there. Really? That's all it takes?

 Me showing you I care? Because that's easy. And now it's time

 for your anniversary present. Hey, Robin. Remember the other day when I

 told you this was a nice neighborhood? I forgot to warn you

 there's this one bitch that lives right nearby, and that would be

 me. Look, I understand. An ex-stripper moving next door will freak some

 people out. No. Seriously, I'm sorry. Apology accepted. And by the way...

 Yeah? The next time you're giving it to your husband with the

 lights on, could you draw the drapes? Here we go. Well, I've

 got the Steiner bar mitzvah tomorrow. Do you need me to run

 any errands for you before I go? No, I should be good.

 Joyce will be here at 3:00 for my rehab, and Roy offered

 to take me to the park. Well, isn't that lovely. - Well,

 I guess I'll read. - Do you want to watch a movie?

 - I guess we could watch a movie. - No, no, no.

 You want to read. Go ahead. Well, good night. If you need

 anything, just ring the bell. I'm right upstairs. I'm sure I'll be

 fine. Knock, knock. Robin. Come on in. - Can I ask you

 a favor? - Sure. Susan and Mike have been so good to

 me. I want to do something nice for them, and I thought,

 hey, maybe I should bake them a cake. That's very thoughtful. Well,

 feel free to use whatever you need. Thank you. So, what do

 I need? Robin, what exactly do you know about cakes? Well, I

 know that if you're going to hide in one for more than

 an hour, the air holes have got to be pretty big. All

 right, then. It looks like I will be teaching you how to

 make a cake. Oh, yay! You rock, Bree. I rock. Now, the

 key to success is following the recipe exactly. The secret to baking

 is precision. Got it. You're my hero. - What are you doing?

 - Making you my screen saver. That's sweet. You're replacing my cat.

 He's eating noodles. - Let's just do this. - Okay. Go get

 yourself an apron. That is, like, the coolest cake I've ever seen.

 Raspberry mocha, Orson's favorite. I talked to him at the party. He's

 nice. It must be tough having him in a wheelchair. It's been

 challenging. Well, they say you can get through anything if you have

 a solid marriage. Yes, well... - I'm sorry. I didn't mean to

 pry. - It's fine. Let's just say before his accident there were

 issues, and now we're trying to put the pieces back together. Well,

 that's good for you. So, what's the piece you can't find? Ah,

 now you are prying. What? We did make a cake together. Look,

 my grandmother always said that if you want to save your marriage,

 there's only one room to do it in. - The bedroom. -

 Yeah, I got that. It's not about sex, it's about closeness. We've

 lost our intimacy. Honey, sex is how men get intimate. Well, I'm

 not even sure he's capable. It doesn't matter. His brain still works.

 I mean, he can see you, he can feel you touch him,

 he can hear what you say to him. You know, I had

 this regular customer, 92 years old, in a wheelchair. I used to

 have to push the oxygen tank out of the way to give

 him a lap dance. I don't know if he's even interested. Well,

 here's the thing. Neither of us knows for sure, but only one

 of us can find out. Hello, dear. How was the bar mitzvah?

 A boy became a man and a rabbi blessed my cream puffs.

 Same old, same old. How was your day? Oh, I've been passing

 the time reading. Well, I suppose I should get out of these

 clothes. Peter Tchaikovsky, God bless you. Yes, I never tire of this

 piece. It's extraordinary. So moving, so sensual. Don't you want to do

 that upstairs? You know, near the hamper? Actually, I'd rather do it

 right here. Why are you walking like that? Why do you think?

 I'm not sure. You're trying to make me feel better about being

 paralyzed? Guess again, big boy. Well, if you're having a stroke, we're

 going to make quite the team. Oh, I do believe it's getting

 hot in here. Are you all right? Yeah. Just a second. My

 earring's caught. Enjoy the music. Let me help. - No, no, no,

 I'm good. - Stay there, I'm coming over. No, Orson, I've got

 it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I told you I didn't need any

 help. Well, in my defense, that wasn't entirely clear. Forget it. This

 was stupid. What was that? What do you think? It was a

 lap dance. That was a lap dance? I was trying to arouse

 you. You are aware I'm in a wheelchair? Well, I thought you

 still might be interested in that sort of thing. - I am.

 - Well, you certainly don't act like it. After the accident, I

 just never thought you would ever consider... Orson. Things will be awkward

 at first, but we can work on it. You're my husband. I

 want to be close to you. I want to share your bed

 again, even if it means just holding your hand before you fall

 asleep. Come here. Is this all right? Let's see, I've got Tchaikovsky

 on the stereo, my wife in my arms. Yes, this is all

 right. She and Danny spent the whole day together. What's left to

 say? This is out of control. Let's forbid Ana to talk to

 him. Yeah, forbid two teenagers, that always works. Besides, what would we

 say? We overheard his parents talking and we think they're evil? What

 do you think the Bolens did? I don't know, but you don't

 go on the run for not paying your cable bill. They've been

 cagey ever since they moved in. And Nick doesn't work. How do

 they have money? Maybe they're drug dealers or gun runners. Whatever they

 are, I don't want Ana anywhere near that family. She won't break

 up with him. - She will if we make her. - I

 told you, that won't work. We need to come up with a

 carrot, not a stick. - Ana. - Privacy, please. - I've got

 big news. - For me or for you? - You. - Oh.

 I just got a call from my good friend Luke Rayfield. I

 was a struggling model in New York when he was a struggling

 photographer. Well, mostly I was his beard for all his family functions.

 - There was this one time... - Is the part about me

 coming up? Yeah. Anyway, Luke now has his own modeling agency. And

 he's always looking for new talent, so I sent him your picture.

 Wait for it, wait for it. He wants to represent you. You

 may now begin screaming. I have to call Danny. Well, you know

 what? Danny can wait. We need to go buy you some new

 luggage. They want you in New York immediately. Now? But don't I

 have to finish high school? World War II, Germany lost. Korean War,

 Korea lost. Vietnam War, we lost. Happy graduation. What's wrong? - I

 don't think I can go just yet. - Why not? Danny and

 I have a plan. We're going to New York together when I

 graduate. After everything I've done for her. \"Danny and I are moving

 to New York after I graduate. We're in love.\" Pour me some

 more wine before I throw up. What's wrong? Gabby got her niece

 a foot in the door for a modeling career - and she's

 turning it down. - Bad call. Look, I used to take ballet,

 and I was pretty good at it, too. And one time this

 instructor from a big ballet company saw me perform. Long story short,

 two days later they offered me a job. - What happened? -

 Bobby Butterfield happened. - A boy. - Not just a boy, the

 boy. I was crazy about him. Thought it was going to last

 forever. So, I passed on the job, and two months later he

 dumped me for Louise McMullen. And then the month after that, I

 got into a car accident, messed up my knee, and then it

 was goodbye tutu, hello ta-tas. That is fantastic! Did we just hear

 the same story? You have got to tell that story to Ana.

 Putting off your dreams and then having your life spiral down the

 crapper? It couldn't be more perfect. Well, I mean, I guess I

 could talk to Ana, - if you think it would help her.

 - Great. And don't be afraid to turn on the waterworks. Nothing

 says pathetic like stripper tears. Maybe it would help if I started

 taping you, so you could hear what it is you say. Don't

 be discouraged if Luke starts you off with catalogue work. Just try

 to get your face in the shot, which is a little tough

 to do with a lawn mower, but I did it. Hey, Ana,

 where've you been? I was texting you. Oh, I was just coming

 over. Taking a trip? I'm sure you two have a lot to

 talk about, so I'll just take these inside for you. Bye, Danny.

 What do you need luggage for? I was just about to come

 over and tell you right now. - When did this happen -

 I just found out, okay? Ana, I thought we were supposed to

 go together. Why can't you wait? This is a huge opportunity. You

 should be saying, \"Great, Ana, go for it.\" If you can't support

 me, then maybe we shouldn't even be together. - Hey! Hey, Robin!

 - Hi. What's up? I've been meaning to thank you. Your little

 speech to Ana worked like a charm. - I just took her

 to the airport. - Great. So, why was she fighting with Danny

 Bolen yesterday? They were breaking up. They were dating? Yeah. That's the

 whole reason I wanted you to talk to her. To convince her

 she was screwing up her life so I could ship her off

 to New York and get her away from Danny. You didn't tell

 me that. - Okay. So? - So, I don't like being used.

 Don't get upset. You did good. Ana's gone, Danny's out of the

 picture. I owe you big time. Danny. Hey, I think we need

 to talk. Sorry. It's really not a good time. Actually, this is

 exactly the time. I just talked to Luke. Ana has settled into

 her dorm, she's got all her classes lined up, and he's taking

 her new headshots tomorrow. And the best part is, she is miles

 away from the nearest Bolen. Perfect timing. Something smells good. Thank you.

 Just putting on the finishing touches before we eat. You spoil me.

 What's wrong? Is it your back again? Yeah, I spent all day

 working in a crawl space. I'll call the chiropractor first thing in

 the morning. No need for that. I can fix it. Come here.

 Wait, wait, wait. What are you doing? At Double D's, the girls

 were constantly throwing their backs out from sliding down that pole. They

 all came to see me. Now, just relax. And one, two, three...

 There. How do you feel? Oh, my God. It's gone. The pain's

 gone. Wow. Thank you, Robin. I was just going to give him

 a scotch and make him sleep in the guest room. Seriously, you

 really fixed me up. Thanks. Please. After all you guys have done

 for me, that's the least I can do. - I'm home. -

 In here. No fast food tonight. Fire up the microwave. - Hey.

 - My back went out again. Robin tried cracking it, but it

 just didn't go deep enough. This is the way the Buddhist monks

 do it. It's the only way to get through all that muscle.

 Is there a problem, babe? No. No problem. It looks like you're

 in good hands. Or feet. So, I'll just go make dinner. Happy

 trails. - How does that feel? - Oh, yeah. That... Do that,

 do that. - Can you handle a little more? - Give me

 all you got. So, I ran into Janice White today. - Says

 her husband is sick. - Wow, you're really stiff. - Here, let

 me try something else. - Oh, you're the boss. Apparently, it's bacterial

 and he's bloating like a pig. - I'm going to grab it

 and pull. - Go for it. - And there's a lot of

 diarrhea! - Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. This is incredible. Those

 monks really know what they're doing. Yeah. When do they find time

 to pray? Hey. I'm on my way to school. The faculty volunteered

 to make sandwiches for the homeless. Okay. Well, I'll see you later.

 What's the matter? I re-piped an entire house. Even my hair hurts.

 You poor thing. You want the heating pad? No. No, I'll be

 okay. Well, I won't be gone long. Feel better. I'll just have

 Robin crack my back when she gets home. Or I could stay

 here and do it. What about the homeless? Please, they've gone this

 long without food. What's another 10 minutes? Susan, do you have a

 problem with Robin working on me? Of course not. But she's not

 here and you're in pain, so why don't you let me take

 a shot at it? \"A shot at it?\" We're talking about my

 spine. Mike, Robin didn't exactly go to medical school between lap dances.

 I saw what she did. I can do the same thing. -

 Okay. - Here we go. Ow! \"Ow\"? No \"ow!\" That's exactly what

 Robin did. No, she didn't yank it. It's my arm, not an

 emergency brake. Shh. Just take a deep breath. The key is relaxation.

 Okay, one, two... You know, if you hadn't moved when I said

 \"three...\" Just go. Oh, my God, Susan. Is Mike going to be

 all right? - Can I see him? - Sure, sweetie. Just don't

 climb on the bed. Look, why didn't you wait for me? I

 would've taken care of Mike's back, no problem. Well, I wanted to

 do it myself. Oh. Okay. I'm lying. I didn't want to do

 it. I just really wanted you not to do it. I don't

 understand. God, I've been trying really hard to be cool about all

 of this, but when I walked in and I saw you all

 over Mike... When I was cracking his back? I was just trying

 to help. While you were wearing next to nothing and straddling my

 husband! How was I supposed to react? You used to be a

 stripper. Don't cry. Why are you crying? Strippers are supposed to be

 tough. Stop calling me that. Yes, I was a stripper. But you

 know what? You were the only person who never treated me like

 one. Until now. Oh. And I'm really sorry if I crossed the

 line with Mike. I guess after working nine years in the clubs,

 I just don't know where the line is anymore. It's... I... I

 overreacted. - Maybe I should move out. - No, Robin. You don't

 have to do that. I want us to be friends for a

 very long time. So, yes, I do. Daddy needs help making the

 bed go back down. - Hello. - Hi. Susan asked me to

 bring you some of your mail. Oh, thank you. I'm Robin. We

 met at your party. Yeah, I remember. How's it going? Oh, I

 take it you heard about my little vacation at Fairview Behavioral. Yes.

 I heard. Well, to be honest, it's been hard. Especially coming back

 to this big, empty house. Not to mention the subtle glances I

 get from people judging me. You know what I say? To hell

 with them. Thank you. I'll see you. Hey, and if this house

 gets too lonely, I'm looking for a room to rent. I mean,

 Mike and Susan are great, but it's getting a little crowded over

 there. Okay. I'll keep it in mind. For what it's worth, it

 might take the heat off of you. I mean, no one judges

 the woman from the loony bin when there's a stripper next to

 her. This is great. I haven't had a female roommate since after

 college. Let's hear it for girl power. We should go out and

 have a drink to celebrate. Oh, I don't know. My therapist says

 I should get out more, but even being over at Gabby's house

 the other day, it's... It's just hard. Yeah, I get that. So,

 what was it like being in a mental hospital? You know, about

 as much fun as one would expect. I only ask because of

 my mom. She used to use me as a punching bag, and

 I always dreamed about having her committed. I'm sorry. No, it was

 only when she was drunk. It was her way of coping with

 my dad cheating on her all the time. I remember wishing that

 he was ugly so other women wouldn't want him, but he looked

 like Clint Eastwood. Anyway, Mom had to take out her anger somewhere,

 and I was an easier target than a 6'4\" trucker. Actually, it

 was pretty bad at the hospital. People always say it's the screaming

 that gets to you. But at least screaming means you're alive, you

 know? What I couldn't take were the people with the blank stares.

 There was this one woman who sat frozen in the garden all

 day, whispering the words to Old MacDonald Had a Farm over and

 over and over. Did the doctors ever take offense when she got

 to, \"Here a quack, there a quack, everywhere a quack, quack\"? You

 know what? If there were ever two people who deserved a night

 out drinking, it's us. Okay, quid pro quo. I told you what

 it was like to go to bed in restraints, so I think

 it's only fair that you tell me what it was like being

 a stripper. It was brutal. I mean, if I had a dollar

 for every guy that slapped me on my butt just because he

 felt like it... Come to think of it, I do. Excuse me.

 My friend and I were wondering if you'd like to join us

 at our table. No, thank you. It's girls' night out. Two beautiful

 women in a bar. Can't blame a guy for asking. We're over

 there if you decide to go coed. Is it bad that I

 want to go sit with them? - You do? - Yeah. It's

 been a while since a guy that cute has flirted with me.

 - You know what? Let's do it. - Really? Yes. You look

 way too hot to waste it on just me. Shall we? Mmm.

 Come on, you've got to have a secret. Nope. It's shampoo and

 conditioner. Well, it looks amazing. You should be on the cover of

 hair magazines. - What is it you said you do? - I

 didn't. But my friend Katherine is starting her own catering company. Well,

 thinking about it. Cooking is a passion of mine, but a lot

 has to happen before I start my own business. I know. You're

 a model. - No. - A dental hygienist? - No. - I

 know. You're a flight attendant. You may as well tell me, or

 I'm just going to keep guessing all night. She's a stripper. Okay?

 Ex-stripper. I'm sorry. Well, hey, why are you apologizing? We love strippers.

 Yeah. They're like angels of mercy that show their boobs. Well, we

 should probably get going. What are you talking about? We haven't even

 danced yet. I don't really feel like dancing. Although I can't speak

 for Katherine here. Well, it's just, I want to dance with you.

 What, you're not attracted to someone who's classy, witty, not to mention

 breathtakingly beautiful? No offense to your friend, but you're more my type.

 Oh. Well, in that case, I guess I'll just keep her all

 to myself. Night, guys. God, the look on their faces. I know.

 It was the perfect combo of \"I am so turned on\" and

 \"I am so going home alone.\" You should remember that the next

 time you want to get out of a bad date. Oh, no.

 I don't think so. Those two pigs confirmed what I've been thinking

 for a while now. I think it's time for me to give

 up on men. Amen, sister. It's official. My dating days are over.

 I mean, you don't have to take it that far. You could

 always just do what I did and explore other options. What do

 you mean? Cast a wider net? Expand the pool? Date chicks. Oh.

 So, you're... Yep. Card carrying. Ha! I thought that kiss felt awfully

 convincing. I mean, I dated guys for a long time, and I

 just never really felt a connection. And then I started stripping, and

 I was surrounded by all these confident, sexy women and I realized,

 \"Robin, sweetie, you have been barking up the wrong tree.\" Yeah, I

 think I've got the right tree, just sick of barking. Well, suit

 yourself. You're okay with this, right? I mean, it's not going to

 affect anything with us? I don't see why it would. Okay. Hey,

 Robin. What are you up to? Just out for a walk. It's

 such a nice day. Yeah, it is. So, how do you like

 the neighborhood? Is everyone treating you okay? I guess so. No one's

 giving you any guff about being a stripper, are they? Oh, no.

 I just want to make sure. Because trust me, I've been there.

 Way back when, I was sort of in the sex trade myself.

 Oh, yeah. I used to model women's foundation garments for Sears, Roebuck.

 These breasts put me through college. They're real, by the way. They

 look real. Yeah. Anyway, I'm glad that people are treating you nice.

 You know what the best part is? They actually see me. See

 you? I spent a lot of years working at a place where

 people stared at me all night long, but no one ever really

 saw me. - You know what I mean? - I do. And

 when I first got here, I thought it was going to be

 the same thing. But I get the feeling your neighbors see past

 all the stuff that people usually look at. It makes me feel

 really good. I'm glad. Robin Gallagher was right. The people she had

 met on Wisteria Lane had really looked at her. And they had

 seen her sense of morality, her loyal heart, her surprising insight, her

 forgiving nature. Some people had even taken notice of her incredible beauty,

