 ":"Previously

 on Desperate Housewives. Lynette went back to work. And Tom filled his

 days. - You're good at this girl talk thing. - Well, thanks.

 Do you at least know why he steals? I steal to hurt

 you. Bree struggled to understand her husband's problem, while down the street,

 Edie finally figured out her husband's plan. You married me so you

 could get close to the man who killed your family. He was

 never punished. Rose Kemper was a survivor. You could see that by

 looking into her eyes. She had buried one husband, given birth to

 five children, survived illness, bankruptcy, even the loss of her teeth. As

 a result, Rose Kemper was no longer afraid of anything. Sadly, the

 man who climbed into her window that night was unaware of this.

 But Rose was more than happy to explain it to him. Get

 out of here! You just get the hell out! I'm calling the

 police! Do you hear me? Mrs. Kemper? Katherine, what are you doing

 here? Oh, I heard you weren't feeling well, so I brought you

 some flowers. Doctors tell me you had a mild heart attack. Did

 they tell you why? It was Death. He came for me. Death

 came for you? But I chased him out with my baseball bat.

 I gave him a good whack, too. Right on the old noggin.

 How much morphine do they have you on? You know that shelf

 where I keep my knickknacks? He tried to take one. Death collects

 knickknacks? And when he couldn't get me, he went after that other

 lady, the one who crashed. Edie Britt? Oh, yes. And I saw

 everything. Death just staggered out into the street, and he raised his

 hands, and he made her run into that light pole. Katherine, you

 believe me, don't you? Oh, I would never make anything like this

 up. I know you wouldn't, sweetheart. Listen, I'll stop by tomorrow. You

 just get your rest. Okay? But, Katherine, if you see Death lurking

 in the hall, you tell him he'd better not come around here.

 Because I am not afraid of him. No, Rose Kemper was not

 afraid of anything. But the man who had broken into her home

 was now very afraid of Rose Kemper. The fact is, everyone does

 it. Sometimes with the help of an overturned cushion, sometimes by means

 of a large potted plant. Other times, using the top button of

 a shirt. Yes, everyone has something they want to keep hidden from

 prying eyes. It's hard to believe you got this bump just by

 falling. But some people are better at cover-ups than others. I know,

 but that's what happened. And I went for a walk, I tripped,

 and I hit my head on the curb. Okay. Well, everything's looking

 much better. I see no reason why he shouldn't be released this

 weekend. Really? That soon? You can pick him up in the afternoon.

 Orson, I'll check in one more time before you go. Thank you.

 Well, you don't seem all that thrilled about the prospect of me

 coming home. Honey, I don't mean to be negative. It's just... What's

 going to happen? Will you keep stealing and lying to me? I

 love you, but I just can't put up with that anymore. Don't

 worry. Things are going to be different. How? Well, I've been doing

 a lot of thinking lately and I've decided, finally, to be happy.

 How can you just decide something like that? Look, there are things

 that I don't like about my life. But there is so much

 that is good. Do I really want to risk losing everything? I

 mean, if I can decide to be resentful and jealous, I can

 damn well decide to be happy. And be the kind of husband

 that you deserve. Do you really mean that? I do. I hope

 so, because I just cannot take any more lying. You won't have

 to. I can promise you that. Dave? Hello? Dave? He didn't answer.

 Okay, now I'm starting to get worried. Yeah, I left that casserole

 three days ago and it's still there. I'm surprised the squirrels haven't

 gotten to it. Maybe they did. Anybody seen any dead squirrels around

 here? Even if Dave wants to be alone, we have to make

 sure he's taken care of. We owe it to Edie. I say

 we keep showing up here until he lets us help him. We

 need to be annoying and persistent. We're good at that. So who

 can come by later and check on him? I'd do it, but

 I'm working late. I'm in the classroom all day, and I have

 meetings after. I have rehearsal dinner to cater. And I have a

 garden club meeting. You're in a garden club? Yeah, I just joined.

 Wait, there wouldn't happen to be actual gardeners in this club, would

 there? Hot, shirtless gardeners with great abs and learner's permits? Gee, this

 bit just gets funnier and funnier. Oh, we tease because we love.

 Now back to Dave. I'll ask Mike to check in on him.

 - That'd be great. - Remember to tell him, annoying and persistent.

 And I can make another casserole. Yeah, because he hasn't suffered enough.

 That's a bit that I never get tired of. Dave? Hello, it's

 Mike. Dave? Dave? Hey, I'm sorry to barge in. I just want

 to make sure you're okay. Katherine made you lasagna. Thought it would

 be a good idea to eat something. Want me to get you

 a plate? I'm good. You'll get through this, buddy. You will. -

 Look, I have gone through some... - You've gone through nothing. And

 if you stand there and try to tell me you understand how

 I feel, I swear to God, I'm going to lose my mind.

 - Man, I'm just trying to help. - You can't! Okay? So

 why don't you go back to Katherine and your happy little life

 and leave me the hell alone? You're right. I don't have any

 idea what you're going through. Sweetie, I'm home! - Hey. - Hey.

 Don't make plans on Tuesday. We're having dinner at the Solis' and...

 What's that look on your face? You didn't eat dairy again, did

 you? No! I've been working out. If you're good, I'll let you

 cop a feel. That's okay. I can see it from here. It's

 thrilling. - You smell good. - I just took a shower. And

 I know where you're going with this, but I'm exhausted. Come on,

 Lynette. Please? Whining, that's hot. Fine. Let's have sex. But I warn

 you, I'm just going to lie here, resenting you the whole time,

 waiting for this hell to be over. Okay, if you're sure. Tom!

 Come on! Fine. All right. Okay, forget it. Wait, you just took

 a shower? Where? At work. - I didn't know you had a

 shower there. - I don't. Carlos does. So you went into Carlos's

 office, stripped naked and took a shower? No, I went into Carlos's

 bathroom, closed the door, then stripped naked and took a shower. I'm

 not comfortable with this. What if he walked in? Then maybe I'd

 get that raise I've been asking for. This isn't funny. You already

 spend 16 hours a day with the guy. And now I find

 out that some of those hours, you are naked and wet. Hours?

 It was two minutes. It's not like I'm lighting candles and putting

 on Barry White. I don't care. I want it to stop. Fine.

 I should've just had sex, I'd be asleep by now. Oh, and

 ladies, we have been asked by the city council to beautify the

 center divider on Main Street. So make sure your calendars are clear

 next Tuesday. I know I'm new here at the garden club, but

 what's with all the gardening? I thought this was just an excuse

 to get together for bitching and boozing. - Blame Edna, the flower

 fascist. - Yeah, when we first joined, we used to sit around

 in wicker chairs, drinking margaritas and just looked at the flowers. Oh,

 I'd kill for a margarita. Don't cluster, ladies. Vary the colors. And

 she's the one I'd kill. I mean, really, who died and left

 her in charge? Alice Koontz. Grand mal seizure while driving. Oh. Well,

 this Edna has got to be stopped. How? Oh, my God, you're

 planning a coup, aren't you? I'm in. Me, too. That's three. Who

 else can we get? Definitely Judy, and Terry's allergic to everything. One

 bee sting and she blows up like... Well, like Judy. How about

 the woman in the overalls? Oh, Phyllis? She just got her second

 DUI. - Lf there's cocktails, she's in. - Yeah. Okay, so the

 lush gives us six. What about them? No way. They're all friends

 of Edna's. All right, so they have six and we have six.

 We're going to need a tie-breaker. Hey, are men allowed to join

 the group? I don't know why they wouldn't be. Ladies, start your

 blenders. - Orson, I heard you wanted to see me. - Yes,

 Dr. Kagen. I heard you're treating the lady across the hall. -

 You mean Rose Kemper? - Yeah, she's actually my neighbor. I wanted

 to know how she's doing. Sorry, I can't discuss her condition with

 anyone she's not related to. Oh, that's a problem. See, she has

 no family, or friends for that matter. - And because of her

 dementia... - Who said she has dementia? Well, certainly you've heard some

 of her bizarre ramblings. If she doesn't have dementia, it's something just

 as troubling. She has been saying some very disturbing things. But I

 wasn't aware it was an ongoing situation. Oh, yes, it is. And

 I'm so worried about her going back to that big house with

 no one to look after her. I hate to get Social Services

 involved. They'd probably just stick her in some state-run facility. Oh, well,

 that would be a shame. But what if she ends up hurting

 herself, or someone else? I mean, I'm no lawyer, but wouldn't the

 hospital be liable? Hey, Penny. Aren't you going to be late for

 school? My stupid brothers hid my homework. Real mature. - Is your

 mom ready? - She's in the shower. What? Lynette! Carlos, you're early!

 Didn't you get my text? The meeting got moved up! Oh, crap.

 I'll be right there! Lynette, you okay? Lynette? Are you all right?

 If you don't answer me, I'm coming in there! Oh, my God.

 All right, Doctor. Thank you. Bye. He says that since you weren't

 out very long, you should be fine. And don't worry about the

 meeting, I pushed it to lunch. - And I can handle it

 alone. - No, I'm fine, I want to go. You sure? Okay,

 I'll let you get dressed. Hey, Carlos, quick question for you. Last

 thing I remember, I was in the shower, naked, reaching for the

 soap. Then I was here on the bed, under a blanket, still

 naked. And my question is, how did I get from there to

 here? Well, I carried you. Which means you saw me... Lynette, the

 only thing I was thinking about was, were you going to be

 all right? Oh, well, I appreciate that. And here's something else I'd

 appreciate, could we not tell anyone else about this? Not tell anyone?

 I'm a first-time hero! This was going to be my lead item

 in this year's Christmas letter. If Tom finds out, he'll freak. He

 has this weird thing about being the only guy who gets to

 see me naked. You got it. Now get dressed. We've got to

 go. Could you maybe step outside? I only do one show a

 day. Sorry. Here you go! Edna, here's your diet soda. - Try

 to keep your pants on. - You know, I don't mean to

 be a killjoy, but are we going to do any planting today?

 There are some seeds in this. Knock yourself out. Patty, do you

 mind if I steal Tom for a sec? Okay. But only a

 sec. Okay. What's up? First of all, you're a real prince for

 coming today. - Thanks to you, our coup is complete. - No

 problem. Anyway, I know you must be bored silly. So go ahead

 and make your escape. Actually, I'm thinking of staying. I'm having a

 great time. Meeting some nice people. Yeah, about that. I've got to

 warn you. Patty's kind of got a thing for married men. Oh,

 Patty? No. No, no. She's just being nice. Yes, she's like that.

 She'll give you the bra off her back. We're just talking. \"Oh,

 Tom. What big arms you have.\" That kind of talking? Oh, that.

 Okay, fine. Fine. Point taken. Okay, great. Now, if you'll excuse me,

 I have to get back to my gardening. So Orson's \"decided to

 be happy\"? Isn't that great. He sounded very sincere. I'll bet. So

 just how happy is he going to be? Will he whistle while

 he works, or will he just skip around the house occasionally? I

 did not raise you to be bitchy. No, you raised me to

 be passive-aggressive. My bitchiness, that was self-taught. Well, save it for those

 karaoke parties at Bob and Lee's. I am not amused. Mom, your

 BS meter might be broken, but mine works just fine. Orson's up

 to something. Well, I can understand why you're a bit cynical, but

 I'm giving him another chance. He's my husband and I still love

 him. He's been stealing stuff from your friends. He tried to get

 you to sell your business. I know. Fine. Go ahead. Take him

 back. But while you're watching Orson skip and sing, I'll be looking

 up divorce lawyers. Just in case. Susan? You here? In the kitchen!

 Why are you mopping the ceiling? I was cooking, all right? Lids,

 Susan. You've really got to start using lids. Sometimes it's the stove's

 fault. So I saw Dave last night. - How'd that go? -

 Not good. He's in a really dark place. He kind of lashed

 out at me. At you? Why? I don't know. It's like all

 of a sudden he resents my happiness with Katherine. - That's weird.

 - Maybe not. When your wife dies, it must be depressing to

 see other people in a loving relationship. Hey, maybe you could look

 in on him. Yeah, yeah, that didn't come out right. I know

 what you meant. I'll stop by tomorrow and see him. Thanks. You

 know, this whole thing with Edie. I mean, seeing her lying in

 the street that night. It just brought up all those awful memories

 from our accident. Susan, we did what we had to do. Yeah.

 Look what it did to us. Daddy! Hey, buddy. Hey, you hungry?

 No. Mommy made spaghetti. Well, I'll have him back before school. You

 take care. You, too. Hey, I'm on my way to work, but

 I just wanted to bring you these. Chicken salad sandwiches, which I

 did not make, I bought. I learned my lesson from the casserole.

 Thanks. Wait. Could you maybe have one right now? So that I

 know that you actually ate something. I'm not hungry. But, again, thanks.

 Dave, I know that you're going through hell. But Edie was my

 friend, so, please, let me help you. Just a little. You sure

 you don't want one? It's really good. Still not hungry. So have

 you thought about what you're going to do now? I'm going to

 sell the house. You're kidding. So soon? I've got a realtor coming

 by today. I'm going to put the money in a trust for

 Travers. It's what Edie would have wanted. Okay, well... At least you're

 making plans for the future. Everything that ever mattered to me is

 gone. The future's the last thing I'm thinking about. Well, I should

 probably put these away before I finish them off. Are you sure

 there's nothing I can do to help you? A load of laundry?

 No, thanks. How about a pot of coffee? Or I could just

 straighten up in here. Susan, please. I need to be alone. Oh...

 Okay. Sure. Do you know what is a great cure for the

 blues? Cribbage. - Do you have a cribbage set? - I thought

 you had to go to work. I'll call in sick, take the

 day off. Susan. I really don't want to be rude, but you

 need to leave. Okay. You have a realtor coming, right? You cannot

 let him see the house in this condition. So just let me

 clean up a little. You won't even know I'm here. All right.

 I will be back after work to check on you. But until

 then, here's the phone in case you want to order Chinese or

 call a hotline or something. Hey, Katherine, can you call me back

 as soon as you can? I just left Dave and he's in

 bad shape. I actually think that he might be... Oh, crap. I've

 got to go. - Yes, Officer? - License and registration, please. Okay.

 What did I do? It's against the law to talk on a

 cell phone without using a hands-free device while driving, as of January

 1 st. Right. I know that! I just was worried about a

 friend, so I forgot. I'm sorry. Step out of the car, slowly.

 - What? You don't want the license? - Out of the car.

 You think that I'm dangerous. No, I totally have an explanation for

 those. - Stop talking. - But you're going to feel really silly

 - when you hear what it is. - Get out of the

 car now! - Okay. - On the ground! Oh, yes, sir! Okay.

 Hey, Susan, I just got your message about Dave. I'm on my

 way to the hospital, but if you want me to... I... You

 know, why don't we talk later? - Hey! Tom. - Hey. -

 Was that Patty Rizzo? - Yeah. I had some car trouble, so

 she followed me over to the garage and gave me a lift

 back. Patty lives six blocks away. I live down the street. Why

 didn't you ask me to take you? Are you going somewhere with

 this? All right, look, Tom, I'm sorry, but I've got a responsibility

 here. I brought you into the club, I introduced you to the

 horny homemaker. - I just don't want you to... - What, Gabby?

 Cheat on my wife? I was going to say \"die of gonorrhea,\"

 but that's close enough. Okay, I really appreciate your concern, but how

 can I put this? Butt out. All right, Tom, you leave me

 no choice. You are no longer allowed to see Patty. \"Allowed\"? Who

 are you? My mother? I trump your mother. I am Garden Club

 President. This is ridiculous. I thought you were my friend. Look, I

 love you, Tom, but you're my friend with a small \"F.\" My

 friend with the big \"F\" is Lynette. So if I see something

 that could hurt her, you bet your ass I'm going to do

 something about it. A neighbor offered me a ride. If you want

 to hurt Lynette and twist it into something that it isn't, screw

 you. And that's with a big \"F.\" - Hello, my love. -

 Hello, darling. Please tell me you're here to spring me. Not that

 I haven't enjoyed every moment of your poking and prodding. I'm just

 taking one last look at your husband. Are you sure he wasn't

 in some sort of bar fight? Looks like he got smacked over

 the head with a pool cue or something. Orson's not exactly the

 \"bar fight\" type. He's more of a \"raised voices at a cheese

 tasting\" type. While I'm finishing up here, do you want to go

 - sign the discharge papers? - Great. Be back in a minute.

 Bree? Katherine, hi, what are you doing here? Oh, I came to

 see Rose Kemper. Oh, right, I heard she was here. Yeah, it's

 so sad. I'm here to help her pack. Social Services is coming

 this afternoon to take her to some nursing home. I'm surprised. I

 knew she was a bit dotty, but I didn't think it was

 that serious. Oh, yes. She's been telling people this story about how

 Death broke into her house. Death? Oh, dear. Apparently he climbed in

 through a window and then tried to steal one of her knickknacks.

 - Oh, well, that's odd. - Yeah. Then she whacked him across

 the head with a baseball bat. - A bat? - Which is

 what I would do if Death were to ever steal one of

 my knickknacks. So did she get a good look at Death? No,

 she said he was wearing some sort of mask. She tells the

 story so convincingly, you almost believe her. Oh, there's the social worker.

 I want to be there when she talks to Rose. He's all

 yours, Bree. Wonderful. This dinner is delicious. You really didn't have to

 do this. With the long hours that you've been putting in, I

 just wanted to do something special to say thank you. And by

 \"do something,\" he means having me slave over a rack of lamb

 all day. I would like to propose a toast. Who says that

 friendship and business don't mix? To friendship. Hear, hear, to friendship. So

 I want to hear more about the garden club. Tom says he's

 meeting all kinds of nice people. Really? Any favorites, Tom? They're all

 great gals. One's sort of a pain in the ass. Other than

 her, I'm having a great time. Although, I keep telling Tom how

 dangerous gardens can be. Everywhere you step, there are shovels and rakes

 and hoes. You know, Lynette and I should really be toasting you

 two. - Us? - Yeah. For putting up with all the long

 hours we've been keeping. Hey, I didn't mind the long hours. Wasn't

 so crazy about the whole shower thing, but... - Oh, so Lynette

 told you about that? - Yeah. She thought I was nuts for

 getting weird about it. I get it. You know, a guy carries

 your unconscious, naked wife to your bed... What are you talking about?

 Hey, is this gorgonzola? The other day, when she fell in your

 shower. What are you talking about? When she took a shower in

 your office. - You took a shower in my office? - What's

 going on here? Lynette was taking a shower and Carlos came by

 to drive her to work, she slipped and fell, and he helped

 her. You told her? I asked you not to. She's my wife.

 I tell her everything. Oh, you hear that, Lynette? They tell each

 other everything. That way they know that they're not hiding anything. I

 was just afraid you'd overreact. Like you're doing right now. Full disclosure,

 Lynette. That's what a marriage is about. So I assume you fully

 disclosed your little \"friendship\" with Patty Rizzo? What little friendship? You know

 what? I think this is gorgonzola. - Tom? - What? Patty gave

 me a ride home, and for some reason Gabby's making a big

 deal about it. Because it's Patty Rizzo! She's a total slut. You

 should be on antibiotics just for sitting in her car. - Exactly.

 - Stay out of this, Gabby. - You've done enough damage. -

 Hey, don't snap at me. Lynette's my friend. I was just watching

 her back. While your husband was watching her front. Drop it, Tom.

 We'll continue this at home. If you have a shower at the

 office, how come you come home smelling so bad? I don't know.

 Why does the lamb taste like sawdust? Thank you, darling. I can't

 tell you how nice it is to be home again. Well, it's

 wonderful to have you home. How's your head? - Still hurts. -

 Well, that'll teach you to go out walking in the middle of

 the night. You know, I still don't know why you were out

 so late. Well, I told you. We had a little spat, and

 I wanted to clear my head. And then you bumped it on

 that nasty curb. Well, that will teach me to fight with my

 lovely wife. And that's all you were doing, just going out for

 a walk? That's all. You know, I just remembered some business I

 have to discuss with Andrew. Enjoy your tea. Hey, Mom. What's wrong?

 Orson's lying to me again. So I think I have to divorce

 him. Just tell me how I can help. You okay? Oh, I

 just keep thinking about Dave. How his life was so great, he

 had everything. Then one day, boom, all gone. Yeah, I know. Life

 can turn on a dime. Dave, Edie, Rose Kemper. The one thing

 it's made me realize is, I don't want to live with regrets.

 Me neither. I've been wanting to tell you this for some time.

 Remember when I suggested moving in together? It wasn't just about saving

 rent. I was trying to pull you closer, manipulate some kind of

 commitment out of you. And that's not who I am, so I

 want you to know that I'm sorry and it won't happen again.

 From now on, no hidden agendas. I like that policy. I'm always

 going to be honest with you. After all, you're the guy I'm

 going to spend the rest of my life with. More sandwiches. Or

 is my gun in there? It's just your belts and ties. The

 police kept the rest. I know. They called. You told them I

 was suicidal. I'm sorry. It's just the things you said... I'm worried

 about you. Don't be. I told you, I'm fine. You are not

 fine. How could you be? You have suffered a horrible loss. And

 you are allowed to feel any way you want. But I know

 that you are not fine. Okay, well, I'm sorry for ransacking your

 house. I'll stop bugging you. Edie and I had a fight that

 night. A bad one. I came home, we argued. She stormed out,

 got in her car and died. Oh, Dave. - That does not

 make it your fault. - Doesn't it? If things had been different,

 if I had been different, she'd still be alive. You can't think

 that way. I mean, what happened is bad enough. You can't blame

 yourself for it, too. If you do that, you will destroy everything

 you have left that's good. Trust me, I know. Trust me. You

 don't. A few years ago, Mike and I got in a car

 accident. A woman and her daughter died. Yeah, I heard about that.

 Mike was driving, right? That's what we said. But it wasn't true.

 After the crash, I couldn't find my license. I had switched purses

 that night and I left it at home, and so Mike told

 them that he was driving. He took the blame for me. So

 I understand guilt. And I want you to understand that Edie's death

 was an awful tragedy. It was not your fault. Maybe you're right.

 Thank you for telling me. Heck of a dinner party, huh? It's

 amazing how fast you can eat in total silence. It's my fault.

 I should have just told Tom the truth. Although, it turned out

 to be kind of a wash with the whole Patty Rizzo thing.

 You know what I think is cool? You guys have been married

 a long time and you still get jealous. Yeah. But just to

 be on the safe side, if I fall in my tub again,

 let me die there. - Okay, back to work. - Yes, and

 we shall never speak of this again. I am embarrassed enough. Lynette,

 I saw you without your towel. You've got nothing to be embarrassed

 about. Hey. Hey. How was the garden club today? Oh, Phyllis got

 tanked on cosmos and threw up on Edna. So now we're back

 to planting crap. Look, I'm really sorry for sticking my nose into

 that whole Patty Rizzo thing. It's okay, I... The truth is, I

 knew she was coming on to me. Then why did you keep

 hanging out with her? Lynette has been so swamped with work lately

 that she doesn't... It's just nice having a woman notice me again.

 - Is that terrible? - No, I get it. When we first

 moved here, Carlos was working around the clock, and he'd come home

 and barely say hello to me. It was like I was invisible.

 Invisible. That's the word. So when he didn't see me, I found

 someone who did. - You know I'd never do that to Lynette.

 - I never thought I'd do it to Carlos. Well, then it's

 a good thing I've got a friend around to keep an eye

 on me. Even if it's one with a small \"F.\" Well, for

 the record, you're growing on me. You know what? I'm thirsty. Let's

 start a book club. The fact is, everyone does it. Everyone tries

 to cover up what they don't want others to see. Women hide

 their need for commitment. Men disguise their growing insecurity. Wives mask their

 intense disdain. How can ordinary people hide the truth of their feelings

 so successfully? All it takes is a friendly gesture... You can't play

 in the street, MJ. You could get hurt. And that would really

