 ":"MARY

 ALICE: Previously on Desperate Housewives. Lynette found that dating Tom's boss... If

 I asked you to have Tom work a few nights this week,

 you'd do it? You just say the word. ...had its advantages. I'm

 sending Tom to Mumbai for a year. Julie made a big decision

 about her baby. I'm gonna keep her. And the baby's father made

 a commitment. I'll get a job, I'll take classes. I'll do whatever

 it takes. - Carlos and Gabby argued... - Carlos! I am not

 gonna let Bree take the fall for a crime I committed! ...after

 Bree was arrested for murder. This is one of those times when

 the best thing you can do is do nothing. But Bree's attorney

 was confident... Did you have some new thoughts on the case? Why

 don't we discuss them over dinner? ...as well as convincing. Since Bree

 Van De Kamp was arrested, she had experienced a wide range of

 emotions. One moment, she felt afraid. The next, she was angry. And

 through it all, she felt ashamed. But now that her trial was

 approaching, she was beginning to feel a little rattled. Bree, are you

 okay? Yeah. Just all this witness preparation is making me nervous. Gabby's

 been in there for ages. Trip's very thorough. He just wants to

 make sure we're all ready. (SIGHS) - There you are. That took

 a while. - GABRIELLE: No kidding. I haven't been grilled like that

 since Carlos got my last credit card bill. Well, as alibi witnesses,

 you're gonna be asked about every detail of the night that Ramon

 disappeared. And we can't afford any slip-ups. So, how many dinner guests

 were there that night? Fourteen. - What color dress was Bree wearing?

 - Red. What sauce did she serve with the chicken? Oh! I

 got this. Barbecue? Gabby! Of all the things I've been accused of,

 the idea that I would serve barbecue sauce at a dinner party.

 You're right. I'm sorry. That sounds way worse than saying you killed

 Alejandro. Wait, who's Alejandro? My gardener. I'm always getting my Mexicans confused.

 Which I'm allowed to do because I'm Mexican. I've gotta run. You

 gonna be all right? Of course. With you in my corner, how

 can I not be? (DOOR CLOSES) Okay, what was that little prom

 photo moment with the hands? We warned you about this. You're still

 going after him, aren't you? Of course not. I am totally focused

 on the case and so is he. Okay, fine. What am I

 supposed to do? He is the most intelligent, caring, charming man -

 I have met in ages. - (CAR APPROACHING) And, by the way,

 it isn't exactly a one-way street. He's been showing quite a bit

 of interest in me, too. - Um, Bree... - And, besides, if

 I reject him, he might be too humiliated to do a good

 job on my case. Yeah, something tells me he's gonna bounce back.

 MARY ALICE: Yes, after Bree Van De Kamp was arrested, she felt

 a range of emotions. But the one thing she didn't expect to

 feel was jealousy. At the Fairview Childbirth Center, there are certain conversations

 you expect to hear. Discussions about the magic of a changing body...

 Look at me, I'm a cow. ...the beauty of natural childbirth... Just

 so you know, I'm getting the drugs. ...or the importance of healthy

 nutrition. Take a chip, lose a hand. But Julie Mayer found herself

 having a conversation... I can't believe Bree is on trial for murder.

 I mean, come on. Killers don't wear aprons. ...that was rather unexpected.

 I know. It sucks. You know what else sucks? Somebody trying to

 relax you by talking about a murder. You're right. I'm sorry. So,

 what would be a good thing for you to visualize that might

 help relax you? Me punching Porter in the face for being late.

 Okay, forget visualization. How about we try some of that breathing stuff

 again? Ugh. No. I hate that \"hee-hee-hee.\" It feels stupid. I know.

 But it works. Relaxes you when you start to get stressed out.

 TEACHER: Okay, nice job, everyone. We're gonna show the birthing DVD now.

 Julie. Sorry, sorry, sorry. I had to clean out the fryer before

 I could leave. No worries. Plus, you smell like French fries. I

 love French fries. MAN: (ON TV) It's because you're about to go

 through... You missed, like, the whole class. She did great. Let me

 tell you, this girl can visualize. I planned on getting out early,

 but a shift opened up and I had to take it. What

 do you want me to say? I want you to say that

 you'll be on time for one thing we do as we get

 ready to have this baby. Hee-hee-hee. It's not funny, Mrs. Delfino. Look,

 I said I'm sorry. The point is, I'm here now and I'm

 100% focused and ready to help. Just stay calm. MAN: Crowning begins,

 and the head of the baby becomes visible. (WOMAN GROANING IN PAIN)

 (WOMAN SCREAMING) Hello, this is Bree Van De Kamp. May I please

 speak with Trip? Oh! Was he having lunch alone? Oh, right, the

 blonde woman with the convertible. I see. Right. Thank you. Okay, I

 know there's been a lot of talk about what you should wear

 to the trial, so I've selected a few outfits that just scream

 acquittal. What do you think? Black and white stripes? Oh, good point.

 Don't need to put an idea in the jury's mind. How about

 ruffles? I read somewhere that no one has ever been convicted while

 wearing ruffles. Well... Okay, you're right. There's always a first time. To

 hell with ruffles. How about this one? It's lovely, but I am

 being accused of sleeping with a total stranger and killing him? And

 red is the color of blood and whores. Got it. Don't worry,

 we'll find something else. Bree, is something wrong? Apart from me standing

 trial for murder in three days, no. Life is good. Relax, it's

 gonna be okay. Remember, you're actually innocent. Juries can sense things like

 that. - I hope you're right. - Of course I am. And

 Trip's a brilliant lawyer. He's going to get you off in no

 time. I'm just worried that he's been a little distracted lately. He

 seems fine to me. I have some other dresses in the back.

 Let me bring them out for you. It's going to turn out

 fine, Bree. Honestly, I'm not worried at all. India? Not India. He

 said he's going to Mumbai. That's in India, you idiot. PENNY: How

 long are you gonna be gone? A year. What? Dad, you're going

 to miss my eighth grade graduation. It won't be so bad. We

 can send him pictures, we can Skype. So, he's supposed to teach

 me to drive over the computer? And he's going to miss the

 birth of my baby. TOM: I am sorry, guys. Look, I talked

 to my boss. He's not changing his mind. There's nothing I can

 do. Besides, it's just for a year. It'll go by like that.

 Daddy, no. I don't want you to go. TOM: I know. I

 love you so much, baby. (SIGHS) (PENNY SOBBING) Guys, could I have

 a minute alone with your dad? Yeah, all right. (CHUCKLING) Guys, it's

 gonna be okay. We're gonna get through this. I don't know how

 we're gonna get through this. So, how did Jane take the news?

 Timing could've been better. We're not exactly in a good place right

 now. Well, maybe some time apart will do you good. Well, maybe.

 It's gonna be really weird being so far away. I know. It's

 going to be so hard on the kids. Actually, I was talking

 about you. I don't think we've ever been apart for more than

 a month. Who's going to tell me what to do? What to

 think? Whether your shoes are on the right feet. Exactly. I'm really

 going to miss you. I'm... (SIGHS)... so sorry. Why? There's nothing you

 can do about it. (SIGHS) (GASPS) Hello. Are you looking for Trip?

 Yes. Well, he's meeting with the judge. On my case. I'll wait

 for him. So, how exactly do you know Trip? He hires me

 from time to time. And what is the nature of your work?

 I really can't say. Discretion's an important part of my job. Oh.

 I see. Well, part of your discretion is falling out of your

 blouse. Excuse me? Look, this is Mr. Weston's place of business. Maybe

 you should meet him in your place of business. Perhaps a seedy

 motel room, or a street corner. Are you calling me a hooker?

 Well, if the push-up bra fits. Or in your case, doesn't. That's

 it. Screw you, lady. Tell Trip I'm off his case. Lindsay. Lindsay.

 Trip. What the hell? She wanted me to tell you that she's

 off the case. What was she doing on the case? She's a

 private investigator. Who was working on a really big lead for us.

 Why did she quit? No idea. (SIGHS) I'd better go talk to

 her. No. I mean, you know how careful you have to be

 with some women. They can misinterpret the littlest things. I'll talk to

 her. So, what do you think, maid of honor? Nice. (CLEARS THROAT)

 You do realize you're gonna have to wear this in public. You

 got a problem with it? No. It's just that purple is such

 a bold choice. Aren't you afraid it's gonna pull focus from the

 bride? And the sky and the earth? Lee, look at my wedding

 dress. All of this wearing all of that? Santa Claus in a

 thong riding a unicorn would not be able to pull focus from

 me. Lynette, you okay? You seem a little distracted. I think she's

 still in shock. No, it's just this whole thing with Tom. Lynette,

 it's gonna be fine. My dad traveled all the time. My siblings

 and I adjusted. Yeah, but he said he was gonna miss me.

 Really? Suddenly I'm interested. That's great. And it was the way he

 said it, too, like he'd been kind of missing me already. Well,

 what are you gonna do? (LAUGHS) I don't know. But there's no

 way I can let him get on that plane to Mumbai. Or

 eat these if you're going to fit in that dress. Lindsay, hi.

 I think we got off on the wrong foot earlier. Keep walking.

 I suppose I deserve that. But if I could just have a...

 Oh! I'm on surveillance. Stay down. How exciting. What are we surveilling?

 (GROANS) Well, nothing now. I've been waiting six weeks for that cheating

 bastard to leave his curtains open. I'm sorry. Trip told me where

 to find you, because I wanted to apologize for my unkind words.

 You were merely doing your job, and I was very rude. You

 were more than rude. Yes, I was also off-color. I never should

 have implied you're a hooker or insulted your bosoms. They're lovely. No,

 not that. (SIGHS) You like him. You thought I was sleeping with

 him and you got jealous. I'm not jealous of you and Trip.

 Is there a \"you and Trip\"? God, no. He's, like, 100. Look,

 I'll come back to your case and I'll give you a free

 pass on the crazy jealousy. It's not all your fault. What do

 you mean? Trip's a good lawyer. He listens carefully, he tells you

 he'll protect you. Female clients are always getting the wrong idea. Well,

 that might be the way it normally goes, but I happen to

 believe there really is something between Trip and me. Sorry, but I

 know him. He's all about the job. He's into your case, not

 you. Porter is going to be fine. Trust me. Oh, sure. He'll

 just wear a helmet so he doesn't crack his head open when

 his head hits the delivery room floor. Baby, I'm telling you, when

 the man gets in there with you, it just clicks. They see

 the blood and stuff and it starts to seem like a video

 game to them. I'm getting a bad feeling about this. Okay, you

 know what? Mike almost passed out when he saw that video. And

 he was a little shaky in the delivery room, too. But once

 MJ was born, he was my rock. MJ took his first step

 right there. We were so excited. Then he took his second step

 right there, fell right on his face. He was bleeding, and I

 was a mess. And Mike knew exactly what to do. He always

 did. Oh, Mom. (SIGHS) I'm okay. Just so many memories of him

 here. Anyway, the point is, (SNIFFLES) You shouldn't worry about Porter. I

 just... I think that he's not into this anymore. That he's losing

 interest in being a dad. He was late for class because of

 work. You've gotta cut him some slack. It's not just that. He's

 missed some doctor's appointments, and he missed the tour of the birthing

 room at the hospital. We had a deal. He was supposed to

 help raise the baby so that I could finish school. But now,

 I'm afraid that it's all falling apart. That was delicious. I'm glad

 you liked it. More wine? Lynette, it's our third date. I'm pretty

 much a sure thing. (CHUCKLES) Something wrong? You're acting a little weird.

 Yeah, there's... I have a little favor to ask you. Please, don't

 send Tom to Mumbai. You have a very odd sense of foreplay.

 I know. It's just the kids are upset, and Tom is a

 wreck, and I don't think I can go through with it. Okay.

 Really? Yeah, I didn't want him to go. I was just doing

 it for you. I'll send McGuinness instead. That son of a bitch

 had the nerve to beat me in tennis last week. Oh! Thank

 you. I am so grateful. Well, I can think of one way

 that you can show your gratitude. Mmm. Whoa. Maybe you're the one

 who needs another glass of wine. Gregg, no. Okay, what's going on?

 I just... I'm not ready for that step, and I don't know

 that I ever will be. Ever? I'm sorry. There's someone else. You

 just realized that? No. No, I just realized how much I want

 it to work. So let me get this straight, you use me

 to get back at your ex, and now you're dumping me for

 some other guy? That's unbelievable. Unbelievable. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR SLAMS) REPORTER ON

 TV: In local news, the trial of Bree Van De Kamp is

 set to begin tomorrow. Van De Kamp is accused of killing Ramon

 Sanchez, whose body was discovered beneath a condominium development in Chapman Woods.

 Hey. Couldn't sleep? Hey. No. Thought I'd take a walk. Remember the

 last time we were up this late together? The night we buried

 Alejandro. God, if we could only go back. (EXHALES DEEPLY) Hey. You

 having trouble sleeping, too? No, I woke up to get some water

 and I saw you from the window. What are you guys doing

 up? We can't sleep because our friend is going on trial tomorrow

 morning for murder. Oh, relax. Bree's innocent. The jury's gonna see that.

 Juries make mistakes. Well, you know, it doesn't help Bree for us

 to be negative right now. You know what I was thinking we

 should do to help her? Go to the judge and tell her

 the truth. I was thinking the exact same thing. Whoa, whoa, whoa,

 wait a minute. What's going on here? What, it never even crossed

 your mind? Well, we have a plan in place. And if we

 just hold on a little longer, everything will be back to normal.

 And what if Bree is convicted, huh? What are we gonna do

 then? Well, I don't know. - Clearly. Do you even care? -

 Lynette! Okay, it's late. (SIGHING) Look, let's just talk about it tomorrow.

 Well, I don't get this. Why are you guys mad at me?

 Because you're not having any trouble sleeping. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) WESTON: Don't

 freak out. It's just me. Trip. What are you doing here? It's

 the middle of the night. I had a feeling you might be

 up. Do we need to discuss my case? Nope, just the opposite.

 Donuts, Casablanca. That's one of my favorite movies. Yours, too? Never seen

 it. I'm more a Caddyshack kind of guy. But I had a

 feeling about you. May I? Sure. My trial starts in six hours.

 Is this really what we should be doing? Do you know anything

 about sports? No more than I have to. This is just like

 going to the championships. You practice your ass off to get there,

 but the night before the big game, you just forget about it.

 I can't believe I'm going through this. But if I have to,

 I guess what I'm saying is, \"Of all the gin joints, in

 all the towns, in all the world, \"I'm glad you walked into

 mine.\" Am I supposed to know what that means? Start the movie.

 Thank you. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) (GAVEL BANGING) JUDGE CONTI: In the matter of

 People v. Bree Van De Kamp, we are here for opening statements.

 Ms. Stone, you may proceed. How well do we really know our

 friends and neighbors? They borrow our lawn mowers, sit with us in

 PTA meetings, bring us tuna casseroles. But as this case will demonstrate,

 they also have secrets. Secrets they keep from their neighbors. Secrets that

 can poison a place like Wisteria Lane. WESTON: Ms. Stone wonders how

 well we know our neighbors. Well, in this case, as it turns

 out, pretty darn well. Bree Van De Kamp's friends will tell you

 that she is a woman of honesty, integrity and compassion. Bree Van

 De Kamp is an alcoholic, a woman of loose morals. She would

 pick up strange men in bars, have sex with them, frequently waking

 up with no recollection of what happened. If picking up people in

 bars is a crime, there might be a criminal or two in

 this very courtroom. (JURY CHUCKLES) The defendant lured Ramon Sanchez into her

 house, seduced him and bludgeoned him. There is no connection whatsoever between

 my client and Mr. Sanchez. STONE: And while it isn't against the

 law to sleep with any man who'd buy you a martini, it

 is illegal to kill them. WESTON: Has Bree made some questionable choices?

 Yes. Does that make her a killer? No. It makes her human,

 like the rest of us. This is a case about a woman

 who led a secret life. But here's the thing about secrets. Like

 bodies, they don't always stay buried. Welcome to Big Top Burger. Hi,

 I'm looking for Porter Scavo. Is he done yet? No, Porter's working

 the drive-through. Oh. I thought he was only working till 1:00. Well,

 I heard him say he'd cover the afternoon shift, so that's till

 6:00. Now, can I get you something to eat? No, I think

 I'll get something to go. PORTER: Welcome to Big Top Burger. Can

 I help you? I've got a better idea. How about you help

 the mother of your child? Mrs. Delfino? Dear God! Is there another

 person who could say what I just said to you? No. Of

 course not. Porter, why are you making Julie do all of this

 stuff without you? I'm busting my butt trying to make money for

 her and the baby. I'm working three jobs. Well, then tell her

 that. She's worried that you're losing interest in being a dad. (HORNS

 HONKING) I'm talking to the clown. Shut up. Can you please pull

 up to the window? (SIGHS) Look, Mrs. Delfino, I barely graduated high

 school, I ditched college, and this is about as much as my

 baby's daddy is going to achieve. You can always go back to

 college. When? Everybody says how expensive it is to have a kid.

 With the crap money I make, I'll be working all the time.

 Look, I get it. It's just not right for Julie to do

 this without you. I totally agree. Julie has given up so much

 so I can be in this kid's life. But I'm starting to

 realize that was a bad trade for her. Look at her, a

 regular black widow. It says here she slept with 15 guys in

 a two-month period. And she was drunk the whole time. Sounds like

 college. (LAUGHING) Excuse me, but you don't know what you're talking about.

 Do you even know this woman? Actually, a friend of mine used

 her to cater a party once. Said she had shifty eyes. They

 do look pretty shifty. Well, I do know her. And she's innocent.

 Yeah, I don't think the police go around arresting innocent people. She

 must have done something. Oh. So you guys read one article, and

 just like that she's guilty? It's not just us. Everyone says she

 killed the guy. She's the last person in this world who would

 kill somebody. She's a friend and a mother and probably the most

 decent person I know. And she would die if she knew how

 people are talking about her. Well, she better get used to it.

 If I'm a juror, she's going away for a long, long time.

 (BOTH INHALE DEEPLY) And with every exhale, the tension is being blown

 out. And every inhale brings in positive energy. (EXHALES DEEPLY) Now you're

 imagining a peaceful scene. That beautiful lawn by the science building at

 your college. And you're walking towards the chemistry lab to finish the

 research for your dissertation. And now, on that same lawn, a graduation

 ceremony in which you are finally receiving your Ph.D. Mom, what are

 you doing? The other day you were talking about a murder trial,

 and now you're talking about stuff that will never happen. I think

 it will. How? Because I am going to move back up there

 with you and help raise the baby. - What? - I'm going

 to sell this house, and MJ and I are going with you

 so you can finish your degree. But what about Porter? Well, there

 will always be a place for him in his child's life, but

 Porter needs to find his own life right now. No. I can't

 let you do this. You love the Lane. I do, but nowhere

 near as much as I love you. And besides, (SIGHS) I think

 it'll be good for me, too. - What do you mean? -

 Well, I told you, honey. There are memories here that are just

 too hard to live with every day. Mom, this would be awesome.

 But are you sure you wanna do this? I'm sure. Okay, lay

 back down. As Mike used to say, \"We gotta practice birthing a

 baby.\" (BOTH BREATHING DEEPLY) You are gonna love it there, McGuinness. And,

 hey, if you don't, it's only a year. I'll give you my

 India On Fifty Rupees a Day book. All right, people, let's get

 started. Thanks again. I am so glad to be staying here. Well,

 thank your ex-wife. She's the one who convinced me. Really? Lynette did

 that? (CHUCKLING) Yeah. Real piece of work, that one. I don't know

 how you put up with it. (CHUCKLES) I'm sorry, um, aren't you

 guys dating? Nope, she dumped me. Apparently she's hung up on some

 other guy. I'm surprised you didn't want to go to Mumbai just

 to get away from her crap. (BOTH CHUCKLE) I know she can

 be a bit of a handful. Yeah, that's why you dumped her.

 'Cause she's a \"handful.\" No, I'm telling you, guys, 23 years living

 with that psycho, he's either a saint or a masochist. (MEN LAUGHING)

 Okay, okay. (CHUCKLES) Let's start the meeting. No, no. Seriously, I mean,

 I barely survived one week with that ball-buster. Gregg, I'm asking you.

 Drop it. I'm just saying, Lynette is a first-class bitch. Well, I

 hope that was worth it. 'Cause you're fired. Okay, Mr. Weston, is

 the defense ready to call its first witness? We are, Your Honor.

 The defense calls Susan Delfino. How long have you known my client?

 Nearly 20 years. So, it's fair to say you know each other

 well? We're like sisters. She's the most honest person I've ever met.

 Can you tell us what happened on the night in question? It

 was a progressive dinner party. I'm sorry, I don't get out much.

 What is a progressive dinner party? The whole street throws it. Every

 house is responsible for a specific course. Sounds like fun. Unless you

 don't know how to cook. They skipped my house that night. Now,

 as you traveled from house to house, were you with Bree the

 whole time? No. Really? Where did she go? She left my house

 to go check on her entree. Wouldn't that have given her time

 to kill Mr. Sanchez? Or have sex with her boyfriend while the

 chicken burned, which is what she was doing when the whole neighborhood

 walked in on her. WESTON: I imagine that must have been awkward.

 Clearly you haven't spent much time on my street. And then what

 happened? The party finished at my house, and then Susan, Lynette and

 Bree stayed late to help me clean up. - How late? -

 Around 2:00 in the morning. And the coroner's report said that the

 time of death was between 10:00 p.m. And midnight. Interesting. So there's

 no possible way that Bree could have killed Ramon Sanchez that night?

 No way. Bree couldn't hurt a fly. The only thing she killed

 that night was the chicken. No. As God as my witness, Bree

 did not kill him. That's it from the car. My assistant's gonna

 pack up the rest of it. Security's been told not to let

 me back in the building. I swear, Tom, I am trying to

 be supportive, but I'm having a hard time following this. Why would

 you hit your boss? I just never liked him. So? There's lots

 of people you don't like. Mr. Indich in 3F who never picks

 up after his dog. I can't even get you to write an

 angry note. You know what, I lost my temper. Because he was

 going to transfer you? No. Because he was dating Lynette. Oh, my

 God. Are you still in love with her? Jane, look, you have

 to understand. Lynette has... Been a part of your life for 23

 years, I know. She's the mother of your children, I get it.

 You've given me this speech a hundred times. Now answer the question.

 Do you still love her? Yes. Wow. And I was, what? Some

 wall you built to try and hide that from yourself? No. You

 were the woman who was there for me when I was broken

 and confused. And I still care about you very much. No. Tom,

 you don't get to break somebody's heart and still say you care

 about them. If it matters, I loved you. So you recognize this

 man as well? Yes. I slept with him, too. I can imagine

 how painful this is, having to publicly acknowledge liaisons with all these

 men. No, you can't. You didn't have to testify. Why did you

 subject yourself to this? Because I admit my transgressions. Was killing Ramon

 Sanchez one of them? No. Absolutely not. That seemed very heartfelt. So

 your conscience is clear? Yes, it is. Your Honor, I'd like to

 enter into evidence Prosecution Exhibit 24. Objection. We haven't seen this. They

 can't blindside us with anything... This just came into our possession last

 night. It rebuts Ms. Van De Kamp's testimony regarding her clear conscience.

 I'll allow it. Does this letter look familiar? Yes. I wrote it.

 It's a suicide note, isn't it? Yes. The letter was discovered on

 May 7th at the Frost Hotel, where Ms. Van De Kamp had

 taken a room. The manager heard shouting, including a reference to a

 gun. Police were summoned, but Ms. Van De Kamp was gone. This

 was found in the waste basket. Proceed, Ms. Stone. Do you recall

 anything else of significance occurring on May 7th? No. That's the day

 your boyfriend Chuck Vance, a decorated Fairview police detective, was killed in

 a hit and run accident, wasn't it? Objection. My client isn't on

 trial for killing Detective Vance. - Not yet. - Your Honor. Withdrawn.

 Please read the letter. \"I never thought I could feel such remorse,

 such guilt.\" Your Honor, if we could take a short recess. Denied.

 BREE: \"No one knows who I really am. \"I'm entirely alone. \"Living

 with this secret is too painful. I can't go on.\" Doesn't sound

 like a clear conscience, does it, Ms. Van De Kamp? No further

 questions. - Bree. - Please. I just need to be alone. Not

 until you tell me what that was about. I already told you.

 I was in a very dark place, with the drinking and my

 friends abandoning me. But I did not kill anyone. You have to

 believe me. I do believe you. I just hope the jury does.

 Come on. You don't know that it's your fault. Please. Tom loses

 his job the day after I dump his boss? There's got to

 be some connection. And the worst part is, this is exactly what

 broke us up in the first place. Me trying to control his

 life. (LAUGHING) I can't... You really suck at this gay friend thing.

 I'm sorry, I can't take you seriously in that dress. You look

 like a giant taffeta bruise. I know, it is horrible. Maybe if

 I accessorize? Unless the accessories are two hands over your eyes, forget

 it. Why don't you just tell Renee you hate the dress? Because

 she'll pick another one and I'll hate that one, too. It's what

 I do. I did it to Tom all the time. I didn't

 want him to go to school, and then I didn't want him

 to quit. I wanted him to get a new job, and then

 I hated it. I don't know, maybe I wasn't unhappy with Tom.

 Maybe I was just unhappy. Well, at least we know you were

 right about that dress. (SCOFFS) Now, turn around, let me get you

 out of it. Seriously? We're this close? When I tell the whole

 neighborhood about it, I will be kind. You're a good friend, Lee.

 JUANITA: Celia, give me the remote. - CELIA: No. Stop. - Give

 it. Girls, don't make me come in there. JUANITA: It's my turn.

 CELIA: It's not. - (CELIA SCREAMING) - (OBJECT SHATTERS) - Who did

 this? - Celia. Is that true, Celia? This belonged to my grandmother.

 You are in big trouble, young lady. Sweep up the rest and

 go to your room. It's not my fault. She pushed me into

 it. You pushed her? She wouldn't give me the remote, and it

 was my turn to pick what we watch. So you broke this?

 It was my turn. Juanita Solis, you were gonna let your sister

 take the blame for something you caused? That is horrible. This is

 your fault, own up to it. Don't you see how bad... Mom,

 I'm sorry. Mommy? It's okay. Go wash up for dinner. I'll take

 care of this. And the fracture found on the victim's head is

 consistent with a blunt force injury. STONE: A blunt force that someone

 of Ms. Van De Kamp's size would be capable of inflicting? CORONER:

 In my opinion. Your Honor, the defense asks the court for a

 recess? How did you find that? When Gabby mentioned her \"gardener\" Alejandro,

 my alarm bells went off. I had Lindsay do a little investigating.

 - Oh. - \"Oh\"? We're halfway through your murder trial and I

 find out the victim is Gabby's stepfather, and all you can say

 is, \"Oh\"? I'm sorry. I wanted to tell you, but we made

 a pact. Who did? You and Gabby? Me and Gabby and other

 people. People that I care about. You care about them enough to

 lie for them? To commit perjury? How about enough to go to

 jail? You don't actually think that's gonna happen, do you? I don't

 know. After the DA's suicide note stunt, it's possible. To the jury,

 you look like you're hiding something, and the fact is, you are.

 Look, I just... I wanna win this case for you, okay? And

 if this is something that can exonerate you... It can. But not

 without betraying my friends. Bree, you're facing 20 years to life. This

 could be your only way out. I think it's time to tell

 the truth about Gabby. MARY ALICE: Yes, recent events in the lives

 of my friends had stirred up intense emotions. Excitement about starting a

 new chapter. Guilt over causing another's pain. Disappointment in a failure to

 change. Then there are those who are asked to put all emotion

 aside in order to make a cold-hearted decision. Gabby. What are you

 doing here? I finally found the perfect scarf. It's elegant, it's dignified,

 it's beautiful. It's you. You are so sweet. You didn't need to

 do this. Yes, I did. I haven't truly thanked you for what

 you're doing. The way you're sacrificing yourself for me and my family,

 you're just a much better person than I could ever hope to

