":"Raj, your tag's sticking out. Thank you. That was the closest I've come to sex in, like, two years. Now I feel a little gross. You're only making it seem more real for me. Hey, that's my wife. If anyone's gonna make her feel gross about sex, it's me. Can we please talk about something other than my depressing love life? How about Penny's depressing acting career? Hey. I mean, it's been a little tough, but Penny's following her dreams, and in my book, that is not depressing. Aw... Thank you. Is that book called Lies I Tell to Get Sex? Is that a real book? I would totally read that book. Can I borrow it when you're done? Well, I'll have you guys know I turned down a part in a movie last week. - Why would you do that? - Because it was crap. It's a sequel to that awful killer gorilla movie I was in. Serial Ape-ist? I thought you died in that. She does. 42 minutes in. While showering topless, 16 minutes after brief side butt during a pillow fight with her sorority sisters. I have an eidetic memory. I don't know what his problem is. Okay, well, there are no shower scenes in this one. They just try to clone me from my corpse, but my DNA gets mixed with the ape's DNA and I end up running around with giant gorilla hands and feet. Am I missing something, or isn't that the part she was born to play? ♪ Our whole universe was in a hot, dense state ♪ ♪ Then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started... Wait! ♪ ♪ The Earth began to cool ♪ The autotrophs began to drool, Neanderthals developed tools ♪ ♪ We built the Wall ♪ We built the pyramids ♪ ♪ Math, Science, History, unraveling the mystery ♪ ♪ That all started with a big bang ♪ ♪ Bang! ♪ ♪ The Big Bang Theory 7x17 ♪ The Friendship Turbulence Original Air Date on March 6, 2014 == sync, corrected by elderman == @elder_man Resync for WEB-DL by Norther So are you really not gonna do this movie? Well, I don't think it's the kind of part that's good for my career. Well, but don't a lot of famous actors get their start doing bad movies? Okay, I don't think Meryl Streep ever had to say... \"Must keep gorilla hands from killing again!\" If she did, it would be amazing. That woman can do no wrong. I-I don't know anything about show business, so if you think it's reasonable to turn down paid work and just burn through your savings, I'm sure you know what you're doing. I think we're gonna go. Are you sure? We were making fun of failed careers. We didn't get to tap the juicy vein that is Howard's. Hey, I work at the same university you do. Yes, and Hawkeye's in the Avengers, but no one ever says, \"Help, Hawkeye!\" Can I ask you something? Why do you constantly feel the need to put down my husband? Oh, I'm sure he does it out of love. The same way my boyfriend makes me feel terrible about my life choices. I think we're gonna go. No, no, no. This is not a fight. I-I was just excited that someone offered you a part and a little surprised that you'd rather sit at home and do nothing than take it. Now it's a fight. Well, with that sorted out, I'm happy to answer your question, Bernadette. Howard started it. I didn't do anything. I was just sitting here. I wasn't referring to this evening. Ten years ago, upon first seeing me, your husband claimed that I looked like C-3PO and Pee-wee Herman. And he called me C-3P-wee Herman. Still funny. That was ten years ago. Nine years, 11 months and three weeks ago, he followed that up by replacing the slides for my lecture with photographs of nude fat women bending over. Really? The lecture was on cosmic gas clouds. That's funny! I was there. It was funny. In any event, that began a decade-long progression of insults, pranks and unwanted magazine 
