":"- Burbank Airport, please. - Vegas, here we come! No husbands, no boyfriends, no rules. No rules? We're not gonna get drunk and have a six-way with the Blue Man Group, are we? - No. - So there are some rules. Fine. No husbands, no boyfriends and some rules. Thank you. Vegas! - The ladies are away, the boys will play! - Anything can happen! - It's gonna get crazy. - Dungeons & Dragons! I got a brand new bikini so drinks at the pool are on these. I got a sexy new tube top that says \"come hither\"... ...and a can of pepper spray that says, \"Close enough, Jack.\" I got some old underwear I'm gonna throw onstage at the Garth Brooks concert. I'm sorry, why old? Because last time I saw him, I threw new ones and it got me nothing. I've got a brand new seven-piece set of polyhedral dice. Hello, new dice smell. I've got my Helm of Lordly Might, my Boots of Speed... ...and if things get too exciting, my Inhaler of Asthma. I've got my new, bloodthirsty, Savage Warrior... ...who will lay waste to all who stand before him. And I had a sensible salad for lunch so I can eat all the pizza I want. Come on, are we gonna sit around chatting like a bunch of teenage girls... ...or play D&D like teenage boys who will never have sex with those teenage girls? [IN UNISON] Vegas, Vegas, Vegas. [IN UNISON] The Dungeon of Mofooskay-Heeko, Dungeon of Mofooskay-Heeko... ...the Dungeon of Mofooskay-Heeko. Advertise your product or brand here contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today I'm actually glad Lucy had to work tonight. Saved me the awkward conversation about how I was gonna be hanging with my bros. Isn't every conversation you two have awkward? Heh. Painfully so. We have this rule on the phone that if no one talks for three minutes... ...you can just hang up. I'm so into her. - Ready whenever you guys are. - Yeah, we'll be right there. - Leonard. LEONARD: Yeah? I'm not sure how I feel about Howard being Dungeon Master instead of you. Aw. That's nice, but relax, sometimes change is good. You were worried about Zachary Quinto being the new Spock... ...but you wound up liking him. Please. Every time the topic of change comes up you throw Zachary Quinto in my face. I'm upset the mailman has a new haircut, \"Zachary Quinto.\" I'm upset that daylight saving time started, \"Zachary Quinto.\" Daylight saving time ended, \"Zachary Quinto.\" For the last time, Zachary Quinto was a weird, wonderful, unrepeatable event. So stop using him against me. Okay, here we go. You find yourselves in an overgrown, old forest. Before you is a giant oak tree with a face on it... ...that looks a lot like Nicolas Cage. He says: [MIMICS NICHOLAS CAGE] \"Travel with caution... These woods are home... ...to the bones of many a fallen hero.\" Now, see? Howard's just as good a Dungeon Master as I am. As good? You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes. Hey, come on, guys, focus. Um, uh, oh, mighty Nicolas Cage tree. We thank you for your warning, but we are brave warriors... ...and nothing short of death will keep us from our goal. [PHONE CHIMES] Oh. Lucy's free after all, see you. No, no, no, hey, hey, hey, you can't leave, we just started. You're right, I should finish the game. I take my plus-one long sword... ...stab myself in the face with it. I'm dead, I've got a date with a girl. Bye. [IN NORMAL VOICE] We'll be fine. Watch. Ahem. Suddenly, a spectral shape rises from Koothrappali's bloody corpse and says: [MIMICS RAJESH] \"Don't worry, buddies. Ghost Raj will help guide you through the forest.\" [MIMICS NICHOLAS CAGE] I'm just a tree, but if I were you, I'd listen to your ghost friend. Go on. Give him your lunch money. I'm very happy you were able to hang out. Me too. Not that it's up to you to make me happy. Unless you find neediness sexy... ...in which case you're with the hottest man on the planet. Heh. Can I tell you something? I was so nervous about seeing you... ...before I left my apartment, I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. - Really? - Yeah. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you'll know why. I'm sorry to put you through that. It's okay. I'm trying to force myself to do things that make me scared. What else have you been thinking about doing? Well, let's see. I'd love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don't like bangs. - I like your bangs. - Thanks, I like them too. - What else? - Hmm. It's a tie between sending food back in a restaurant... ...and saying no to kids who sell magazines door to door. Those are both toughies. I know. I have a two-year 
